Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	Never reaches the highs of the first film, but is beautifully animated and visually impressive enough to recommend.	November 23, 2019
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	Disney reunites all the elements that made the 2013 original a classic. Here's why it falls short of repeating that feat.	November 23, 2019
Wade Major	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	I think it's a dreadful movie. A complete and total betrayal of the first film.	November 23, 2019
Lael Loewenstein	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	As far as the story -- it did not move the franchise forward at all. In fact, it seemed to have a terrible case of sequel-itis.	November 23, 2019
Charles Solomon	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	This is certainly the most beautifully animated film of the year... Unfortunately, the characters and the story get in front of those designs and effects. It's just not what it could have been.	November 23, 2019
Paul McGuire Grimes	fresh	KSTP-TV	Another successful sequel for Disney, even if it doesn't quite surpass the first film.	November 23, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	...one of the most beautifully animated films of the decade, filled with stunning visual pyrotechnics and incredible attention to detail.	November 22, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	All-in-all, this feel-good film has some spectacular visuals, an environmental message, a couple of good songs and a family-oriented storyline -- what more can one ask for, really?	November 22, 2019
Neil Soans	fresh	The Times of India	​It's a tall order to expect this sequel to capture the lightning-in-a-bottle magic of the original, but Frozen 2's stunning eye-candy and humour will be enjoyable enough for its younger core audience.	November 22, 2019
Martin Thomas	rotten	Double Toasted	Way generic and predictable, and sadly so. They had so much to work with...	November 22, 2019
Korey Coleman	fresh	Double Toasted	Disappointing? Yes...but not terrible enough to be angry at the film or take it away from the kids that will like it...the artwork was there, there were some efforts put into the rest of the film...	November 22, 2019
Norman Wilner	rotten	NOW Toronto	The animation looks great, but Disney's unnecessary continuation of the story is merely a blatant brand extension...	November 22, 2019
Nandini Ramnath	fresh	Scroll.in	Although some of the rainbow flavour appears forced, Frozen II is at its most persuasive when it sticks with Elsa's strange and unpredictable journey. Here is a sequel that didn't quite need to exist, but has enough evocative moments to justify [it]...	November 22, 2019
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	While "Frozen II" might not reach the bar set by the original flick, it's still good enough. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Scenes, etc. - also Available)	November 22, 2019
Todd Jorgenson	rotten	Cinemalogue	By the end, audiences perhaps won't share the characters' sense of wonder and discovery. They might be ready to let it go.	November 22, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	Stunningly beautiful with beloved characters, snappy tunes and grand adventure.	November 22, 2019
Kat Hughes	fresh	THN	Destined to make bucket loads of money, Frozen II is a faithful and respectful sequel that will delight audiences everywhere. Prepare to catch Frozen fever once more.	November 22, 2019
Rosie Knight	fresh	IGN Movies	Frozen 2 has amazing animation and great new songs, but also a muddied message and some continuity issues.	November 22, 2019
Brian Lowry	fresh	CNN.com	Because the first movie generated such a bracing gust of enthusiasm, Frozen 2 will inevitably be nitpicked and judged against those lofty standards. Still, there's plenty to enjoy for those willing to chill out, and yes, let the past go.	November 22, 2019
Alan Ng	fresh	Film Threat	I hesitate to say which film is better because they are different in story and tone. You're definitely going to laugh. Your kids are going to laugh. You'll walk away humming a song or two.	November 22, 2019
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	It's what you expect from the characters and world, and it gets the job done. But the most enthusiasm one can muster for "Frozen II" is it's perfectly adequate, unlikely to create a seismic cultural shift like its predecessor.	November 22, 2019
Matthew Lickona	rotten	San Diego Reader	Not much gain against a good deal of loss.	November 22, 2019
Anne Brodie	fresh	What She Said	Once again, stand out songs, seven new ones, and musical numbers enliven the journey.	November 22, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Anna and Elsa are back with new songs and new adventures into the unknown. Not as strong as the original, but who cares. We can all use a little love, light and holiday magic. Thanks Disney!	November 22, 2019
Eddie Strait	fresh	The Daily Dot	As far as family-friendly movies go, Frozen 2 serves its purpose, but you can do better.	November 22, 2019
Nate Adams	rotten	The Only Critic	An entertaining and visually impactful sequel, "Frozen II" has some memorable songs, but ends up struggling narratively.	November 22, 2019
Ryan Syrek	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	Whatever anyone anticipated from Frozen II: Ice, Ice Baby, it probably wasn't a moral about reparations that warns children that their white grandpa is probably super-duper racist.	November 22, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	fresh	Chilango.com	Frozen II definitely doesn't surpass the original, but it's a great return for these characters. [Full review in Spanish]	November 22, 2019
Pablo Vzquez	rotten	Fotogramas	The movie's Achilles' heel is that it's geared more toward adults than children, or it's based on an idea of magic that has more to do with the nostalgia of someone in their 30s than with childish curiosity. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 22, 2019
Sophie Mayer	fresh	Sight and Sound	In Frozen II climate justice moves from allegorical substrate to the centre of the story.	November 22, 2019
Kate Stables	rotten	Sight and Sound	Shorter on the character, charm and heart that marked out Frozen, the sequel can't give its high drama the same emotional intensity.	November 22, 2019
Josh Terry	rotten	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	The new story, which tries to build on Elsa's mythos, is convoluted and feels more invented than organic, leaving "Frozen 2" feeling like more of an obligation than an equal to the original film.	November 22, 2019
Garrett Green	fresh	Black Nerd Problems	Frozen 2 isn't perfect but it's pretty damn close with a solid story and great visuals and songs.	November 22, 2019
Dan Lybarger	rotten	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	Frozen II has several delightful moments, but it seems unlikely that it will stay put in viewers' minds quite like the first installment did.	November 22, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	At a little more than 90 minutes long, the movie is short but packs a lot in terms of a main story and sub-plots.	November 22, 2019
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	For me, the best part of Frozen II involved fanciful animated sequences. The movie also hits the now-requisite female empowerment themes. I thought the original had a little more kick, but as franchise sequels go, audiences could do worse.	November 22, 2019
Bob Mondello	fresh	NPR	The characters are sprightly, the songs tailor-made for the Broadway show they'll someday inhabit.	November 22, 2019
Brandy McDonnell	fresh	The Oklahoman	Frozen II boasts a convoluted story with a few plot holes, but returning co-writers and directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee deserve credit for crafting a sequel that seeks to answer the most compelling questions left by Frozen.	November 22, 2019
Jim Slotek	fresh	Original Cin	Children will take what they what they will out of the message. What they likely won't be is bored. Frozen 2 makes up in pace and on-the-fly distractions what it no longer has in the depth of its story.	November 22, 2019
Britany Murphy	fresh	Geeks of Color	Visually stunning and full of catchy new songs, Frozen II is a worthy addition to the Disney library.	November 22, 2019
Leonard Maltin	rotten	leonardmaltin.com	Frozen 2is forced to contrive new conflicts for royal sisters Anna and Elsa and the kingdom of Arundel. The resulting narrative is dizzying in its complexity. I'm sure it will be popular, I just wish I'd liked it more.	November 22, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	[This] is a strong, richly rewarding sequel that deftly builds on the themes introduced in the first film and brought to thrilling conclusion here.	November 22, 2019
Robert Horton	fresh	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	A smartly-turned piece of family entertainment. It is also redundant, somehow even more than most sequels.	November 22, 2019
Phil Villarreal	rotten	ABC Tucson	A cloying, forgettable follow-up to a far better movie.	November 22, 2019
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	Directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee were sincere in trying to make "Frozen II" as memorable as "Frozen." The movie, however, feels rushed and lacking in dynamism.	November 22, 2019
John Anderson	rotten	Wall Street Journal	The whole thing left me cold, partly because there's no actual villain and thus very little concrete drama.	November 22, 2019
David Medsker	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	It would be understandable if Disney played it safe here, but they didn't. In fact, they pull a couple of stunts that will live forever.	November 22, 2019
Shannon McGrew	fresh	Creepy Kingdom	Frozen 2 might not win everyone over with its use of somber tones and darker imagery, but there's something to be said about a kid's film that shows how positive change and acceptance of oneself is something to never ignore.	November 21, 2019
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	If they're lacking in true firepower, the same goes for "Frozen II": it never reaches the heights of its predecessor, but it's an adequate romp in the snow.	November 21, 2019
Kristian M. Lin	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	If Frozen II doesn't look to be the cultural behemoth that the first movie was, it shows that there are still things worth finding beneath the ice.	November 21, 2019
Mark Dujsik	rotten	Mark Reviews Movies	The ultimate lesson of Frozen II, perhaps, is that some films exist as one-of-a-kind phenomena.	November 21, 2019
Josh Bell	fresh	Film Racket	Frozen II holds on to its artistic vision carefully, honoring its characters and its world while fumbling its way toward their next destination.	November 21, 2019
Chris Sawin	rotten	Bounding Into Comics	A few new characters, a new dress, and a reindeer sing-a-long aren't worth a 103 minute strained serenade of monotonous fluff.	November 21, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	Gorgeous animation and likable sidekick characters can't save this follow-up effort from coming in a distant second to the original.	November 21, 2019
Gregory Wakeman	fresh	The National (UAE)	While that means Frozen 2 feels a tad unsatisfying immediately after you've watched it, in the long run, these complexities might be for the positive.	November 21, 2019
Demetrios Matheou	fresh	The Arts Desk	While Frozen II is accomplished and delightful, it doesn't quite soar like its predecessor.	November 21, 2019
Paul Whitington	fresh	Irish Independent	The songs and animation are very good, things liven up considerably in a spectacular finale, and the small children with whom I watched it emerged from the cinema with no complaints.	November 21, 2019
Megan Basham	fresh	WORLD	The good: The sequel is gorgeous and funnier than its predecessor and has enough positive messages to outweigh the negative. The bad: It's 20 minutes longer than it needs to be... and there's not a song in it that can hold a candle to "Let It Go."	November 21, 2019
Kyle Smith	rotten	National Review	Fairy tales that end in the happily-ever-after don't lend themselves to sequels, and this movie shouldn't have been made. The good news for Disney, I guess, is that someday people will forget it ever was.	November 21, 2019
Steven Prokopy	fresh	Third Coast Review	The links to the first film are strong...So why does this installment come up short?	November 21, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	rotten	eFilmCritic.com	The irony is that while there is much talk throughout about the inevitability and necessity of change, the film only rarely heeds its own lessons.	November 21, 2019
Alissa Wilkinson	fresh	Vox	By my lights, Frozen 2 is still a plenty enjoyable film, even if it lacks its predecessor's subversive spark.	November 21, 2019
Brendan Morrow	fresh	The Week	Frozen 2 is no soulless retread but rather a much more narratively complex, visually inventive, and thematically interesting follow-up than anticipated. Its reach at times exceeds its grasp, but the effort is consistently admirable.	November 21, 2019
George Thomas	rotten	Akron Beacon Journal	Is Frozen II definitively bad? No. It's the equivalent of vanilla with little charm and a heaping dose of predictability.	November 21, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	An unwieldy mixture of Broadway musical, animated adventure story, and message movie about not only the importance of family but the evils of imperialism [that] lacks any hint of genuine magic.	November 21, 2019
Andre Meadows	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	The story is good. It's got good animation. It's got good characters.	November 21, 2019
Kimberley Jones	fresh	Austin Chronicle	Frozen II revives and doubles down on the good and the bad of its 2013 monster hit predecessor.	November 21, 2019
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	Unwilling to let it go, Disney has concocted another magical musical 'Frozen' adventure.	November 21, 2019
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	[I]t's not as good as its predecessor, [but] it's still well within the "good" range for kids, families, and anyone who loved the first film and is happy to spend some more time in that world.	November 21, 2019
Sean Collier	fresh	Pittsburgh Magazine	In its more artful moments ... the film delivers imagery as memorable as any in the Disney canon.	November 21, 2019
Nell Minow	fresh	RogerEbert.com	Frozen II is destined to be one of those movies children will want to see dozens of times.	November 21, 2019
Matthew Razak	fresh	Flixist.com	More of the same works but it is still just that.	November 21, 2019
Joey Rambles	rotten	Cultured Vultures	Frozen II offers little in terms of plot or music that will please either the adult or kid Disney fan, and will have audiences wishing they were watching the original film instead.	November 21, 2019
Manohla Dargis	fresh	New York Times	It's never surprising, yet its bursts of pictorial imagination - snowflakes that streak like shooting stars - keep you engaged, as do Elsa and Anna, who still aren't waiting for life to happen.	November 21, 2019
Michael J. Casey	fresh	Boulder Weekly	The animation is more refined, more realistic, and the story isn't a simple rehash of the first installment. Not a bad showing for a piece of pop entertainment designed for the whole family.	November 21, 2019
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	One thing that really sets "Frozen 2" apart from its predecessor is the visuals, which are as gorgeous and awe-inspiring as computer animation can possibly get.	November 21, 2019
Douglas Davidson	fresh	Elements of Madness	What they bring to the table this time opens up the world only hinted at in 2013 and, in the process, offer answers to questions audiences may never have considered. By doing this, Frozen II becomes something braver, bolder, and, yes, more frozen.	November 21, 2019
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	While not quite as fresh as the original, it still stands tall with its own proto-feminist message of strong girl power and sisters doin' it for themselves--and each other.	November 21, 2019
Dan Murrell	fresh	Screen Junkies	There really does seem to be a desire to advance the story and build on the previous film, and that's what the best sequels do.	November 21, 2019
Oliver Jones	rotten	Observer	While the visuals sometimes have stunning beauty and motion, there is little on screen or in the soundtrack that feels truly unknown, or carries any of the freshness of the snow that covers Elsa's kingdom.	November 20, 2019
Sherin Nicole	fresh	idobi.com	The story is better but the music isn't quite as good...still #sisterhood and #findingyourself	November 20, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	This movie has a message that is as sombre as its visual tone.	November 20, 2019
Chris Feil	rotten	Filmmixtape	Maybe the only purpose Frozen 2's narrative expansion serves is to provide a more compelling foundation for another sequel than the original left for this one.	November 20, 2019
Victor Stiff	fresh	That Shelf	[Frozen II] forces viewers to consider their own lives and question if what they have comes at someone else's expense.	November 20, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Frozen 2 is a darker journey, but illuminated with breathtaking animation and stunning action scenes.	November 20, 2019
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	fresh	Film Festival Today	Frozen II is never quite as magical or affecting as its predecessor, though it is certainly engaging enough.	November 20, 2019
Clint Worthington	rotten	The Spool	It feels rich for a sequel to center its thematic concerns around the inevitability of change, only to back away from that kind of change at the last possible minute.	November 20, 2019
Barry Hertz	rotten	Globe and Mail	What actually takes the wind out of Frozen 2′s many attempts at epic gust is its repeated failure to imagine and entertain.	November 20, 2019
Kristen Page-Kirby	rotten	Washington Post	It's hard to see how the same team who made something so cool in 2013 could deliver something so - there's no other word for it - lukewarm.	November 20, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	fresh	The Film Yap	It's definitely a step-down from the original, particularly in terms of the songs and how they're used. But Frozen 2 will please those it's meant to.	November 20, 2019
Matt Oakes	fresh	Silver Screen Riot	Disney has, in turn, made Elsa into a gorgeous incel; a closed-loop of unfulfilled desire who soaks up the sister cuddles as an alternative next best thing.	November 20, 2019
Barbara VanDenburgh	fresh	Arizona Republic	It adds up to a marginally more interesting experience than the first "Frozen," but this sequel would have benefited from venturing a touch further into the unknown.	November 20, 2019
Jon Negroni	rotten	The Young Folks	For a film designating its story to be about a journey into the unknown, Frozen 2 is jarringly predictable, painstakingly toothless, and self-defeating in its mad dash to the end credits.	November 20, 2019
Charlie Ridgely	fresh	ComicBook.com	Frozen 2 is a tale of two halves. Fortunately for everyone, the better of those two halves comes second and leaves you feeling mostly fulfilled when walking out of the theater.	November 20, 2019
Michael Gingold	fresh	Birth.Movies.Death.	It will no doubt amuse and maybe even enrapture its target audience.	November 20, 2019
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	Props to Disney for spending six years ensuring that Frozen 2 isn't a mere cash-in, but an artistically finer film.	November 20, 2019
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	If "Frozen" yawed toward fairy tale romance threatened by magic, its sequel rights the ship with magic bringing everyone back down to earth.	November 20, 2019
Christie Cronan	fresh	Raising Whasians	Inspiring, but misses my heartstring pull. Those expecting a sequel to be better than the original? Ya'll need to let it go. What Frozen 2 offers is hope for future Disney Princess sequels.	November 20, 2019
Courtney Small	fresh	Cinema Axis	While the film provides several environmentally conscious nuggets to think about, its voyage into the unknown still travels the safe path.	November 20, 2019
Tom Santilli	rotten	Movie Show Plus	Frozen II feels like re-heated Disney leftovers.	November 20, 2019
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	Forget the convoluted plot. The animation bursts with wonders and it's a pleasure to re-connect with those empowered sister princesses: Elsa (Idina Menzel) and Anna (Kristen Bell). Why is the sequel never the equal? Frozen II just might break the jinx.	November 20, 2019
Alison Willmore	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	It's easier to think about Frozen II as a product than as a film because a (sometimes stunning-looking) product is all that it feels like.	November 20, 2019
Jeanmarie Tan	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	Intimate but also epic, Frozen 2 is thankfully the adventure that fans deserve and will love.	November 20, 2019
Glen Weldon	fresh	NPR	There's... enough jokes, set-pieces and songs to enable this film to justify its existence, above and beyond the needs of the Disney corporation's accounting ledgers.	November 20, 2019
Sam Adams	rotten	Slate	Frozen was built around an anthem to letting your emotions take control because no matter how flawed the results might be, it was preferable to sterile perfection. Maybe the people who made the new movie should watch it again.	November 20, 2019
Joey Magidson	fresh	Hollywood News	"Frozen II" has some incredibly ethereal visuals (what they do with water is astounding), as well as catchy music throughout. It's good, but the first one was great.	November 20, 2019
David Poland	fresh	Movie City News	A sequel is almost always a lowering of the stakes. It is a very hard hump to get over. Frozen 2 needed some new stakes. Still, the movie is... okay.	November 20, 2019
Pat Brown	rotten	Slant Magazine	Woke Disney, trying to navigate a tricky representational path, steps all over itself throughout.	November 19, 2019
Soren Andersen	fresh	Seattle Times	Congratulations, Disney. Mission accomplished.	November 19, 2019
Sandie Angulo Chen	fresh	Common Sense Media	Slightly darker sequel charms with catchy songs, messages.	November 19, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Despite having a collection of new ideas, songs, and terrific animation, I couldn't let go of the story issues holding this film back from greater success.	November 19, 2019
Akhil Arora	rotten	Gadgets360	Its messaging lacks the emotional resonance that was at the heart of Frozen, and ultimately, feels half-baked.	November 19, 2019
Mark Feeney	fresh	Boston Globe	The sequel is a solid, if not quite inspired, follow-up to "Frozen" (2013).	November 19, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	rotten	ChrisStuckmann.com	Visually gorgeous but narratively slight.	November 19, 2019
Jeremy Jahns	rotten	JeremyJahns.com	This movie makes you not care about the characters as much as it probably should have.	November 19, 2019
Stephen Silver	fresh	Splice Today	It rates a tick below the first movie, if only because it's missing the original's element of surprise.	November 19, 2019
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	Frozen 2proves it doesn't need to recapture the magic of the original when it can create its own.	November 19, 2019
Maria Lattila	fresh	Film Inquiry	Frozen 2 is almost the perfect sequel. Despite some wobbliness in the beginning, this is a worthy and entertaining sequel to one of the best animated films of the decade.	November 19, 2019
Jaby Koay	fresh	GET Jaby	Whether you're a boy or a girl, I think it'll be an enjoyable movie.	November 18, 2019
Lindsey Romain	fresh	Nerdist	Frozen 2 may get lost in its own mirage every now and then, but when it finds its way, it forges some of the most powerful storytelling ever seen in Disney animation.	November 18, 2019
Nicola Austin	fresh	We Have a Hulk	Frozen II is a much more heartfelt outing than the first, expanding upon the intriguing Nordic-esque mythology and folklore of Arendelle in a magical quest.	November 18, 2019
Petrana Radulovic	fresh	Polygon	The animation is richer, and so is the conflict.	November 18, 2019
Shana O'Neil	fresh	Hypable	Frozen 2 steps into the unknown and delivers a sequel that sparkles all on its own.	November 18, 2019
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	It's not a classic, but it's inspired in its own right.	November 18, 2019
Laura DeMarco	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	As in the original, the animation is luminescent, perhaps even more so with the autumnal colors of Arendelle and the icy beauty of the north when they visit. The story is smart and funny and wholly entertaining.	November 18, 2019
Yago Garca	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	A classic's worthy sequel. [Full review in Spanish]	November 18, 2019
Amy West	fresh	SciFiNow	Frozen II may not be perfect when compared to the previous outing but it's so charming and fun, it's easy to forgive it that. All-in-all, the flaws never bothered us anyway.	November 18, 2019
Rendy Jones	rotten	Rendy Reviews	You can tell that 'Frozen II' was fun for everyone involved in making it, but it certainly lacks the labor of love in story that made the predecessor so profound.	November 18, 2019
Anna Smith	fresh	The List	If you loved 2013's Frozen for the songs, the characters and the comedy, then you're in luck with this chirpy sequel.	November 18, 2019
James Mottram	fresh	South China Morning Post	It would be unfair to call Frozen II a cynical cash-in; there's a lot of love and affection in every frame of the animation, in every note sung and every line spoken.	November 18, 2019
Sarah McIntyre	fresh	RT (Ireland)	This tale of empowerment, loyalty and growing up and becoming a different person, is funny, sweet and moving.	November 17, 2019
Avi Offer	fresh	NYC Movie Guru	Heartwarming and breathtaking, but just mildly entertaining while lacking the freshness and catchy songs of the original.	November 16, 2019
Bob Chipman	fresh	Escapist Magazine	It's none the less pretty damn impressive how resolutely the film commits to doing it differently this time.	November 16, 2019
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	Much like "Ralph Breaks the Internet," "Frozen II" connects as it should before becoming unnecessarily grim and psychologically dense, stopping the picture to deal with some PG-rated heaviness that doesn't seem essential.	November 16, 2019
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	National Catholic Register	Despite this warmer tone, Frozen II is pretty much a mess - from the mostly unmemorable songs to the jumble of half-baked to outright bad ideas making up the muddled, complicated plot.	November 15, 2019
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	Lee and Buck ramp up the animation action.... Lee's script also dares to approach the darkness of the source author, Hans Christian Andersen, in a way that's surprising for a Disney franchise.	November 15, 2019
Drew Taylor	fresh	The Playlist	Even if Frozen II doesn't always recreate the same magic of the original, the emotionally mature, complicated sequel should still be applauded for attempting new tricks.	November 15, 2019
Catalina Combs	fresh	Black Girl Nerds	Disney magic at its best.	November 15, 2019
Jo Berry	fresh	Movies4Kids	An animated movie that touches on royal politics and the sins of the past may puzzle little ones hoping for a reprise of 'Do You Want To Build A Snowman'	November 15, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	The Newnan Times-Herald	Where the first film became a bonafide worldwide phenomenon, this bland, uneventful sequel does not contain one single standout moment.	November 15, 2019
Mara Reinstein	fresh	Us Weekly	Is it as spectacular as the original? No, but let it go. It's still a beautifully designed, sharply written and toe-tapping piece of family entertainment.	November 15, 2019
Tim Grierson	fresh	Screen International	An air of wistfulness imbues the proceedings, building to a resonant climax that's hard to resist, despite some legitimate reservations about this uneven sequel.	November 15, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	The animation is incredible. Probably some of the best I have ever seen.	November 15, 2019
Eric Eisenberg	fresh	CinemaBlend	It comes up short when trying to tell a satisfying and fully coherent story.	November 15, 2019
Scott Menzel	rotten	We Live Entertainment	Frozen 2 skates on thin ice as it fails to recreate the magic of the original.	November 15, 2019
Rafer Guzman	fresh	Newsday	"Frozen II," by contrast, turns out to be a fairly typical sequel: overly busy and meandering, but sure to please all the young Elsas in the audience.	November 15, 2019
Kristy Puchko	fresh	Pajiba	It's a bit of a mess, but also a ton of fun.	November 14, 2019
Fred Topel	fresh	Showbiz Cheat Sheet	It's better than Return of Jafar or Mulan II (Kronk's New Groove rules though)... By the time they're on Frozen 5 when Anna and Elsa go to space, I suspect people will look back on Frozen 2 fondly.	November 14, 2019
J. Don Birnam	fresh	Splash Report	Great new tunes, a hilarious Olaf, and already beloved characters are powerful enough to elevate an otherwise clunky and frankly uninteresting story	November 14, 2019
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	[Olaf] remains a beacon of brilliance as the film ties itself in knots trying to justify its own existence.	November 14, 2019
A.A. Dowd	rotten	AV Club	It's almost a reparations story, really, which would be more touching-and interesting-if the sacrifices stuck.	November 14, 2019
Robert Kojder	rotten	Flickering Myth	Frozen II is a visual treat for the eyes that simply has no ambition to be anything more than an average sequel. Let this franchise go away if the only ideas left are generic stories with bare minimum character development	November 14, 2019
Jocelyn Noveck	fresh	Associated Press	If it all seems less effortless, more workmanlike than the first film, with a very complex storyline that will definitely be harder to follow for younger fans, there's plenty to like, especially the lush visuals.	November 14, 2019
Kristen Lopez	rotten	FanSided	Frozen 2 never rises above mediocre, answering questions that never needed to be asked and creating a burdensome narrative to tie everything together.	November 14, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	Rachel's Reviews (YouTube)	All the things I was looking for and hoping would be good were good	November 14, 2019
Molly Freeman	fresh	ScreenRant	Frozen 2 doesn't reach the heights of the first film, but with more complex emotional themes and better songs, there's still plenty of Disney magic.	November 14, 2019
David Sims	fresh	The Atlantic	Frozen II sometimes gets impressionistic enough to reach the heights of its forebear.	November 14, 2019
Hannah Lodge	fresh	The Beat	Frozen II is a deeply weird movie. And I mean that as a compliment.	November 14, 2019
Philip De Semlyen	fresh	Time Out	Does it offer any further evidence to those who interpreted "Let It Go" as Elsa's covert coming-out anthem? Sadly no, though she remains an intriguingly elliptical canvas on which to project genuinely groundbreaking ideas about empowerment and identity.	November 14, 2019
Ben Travis	fresh	Empire Magazine	But just as Frozen transcended a tangled narrative thanks to its engaging characters and show-stopping music, Frozen II's plot missteps are more than compensated for by another suite of hits by Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez.	November 14, 2019
Johnny Oleksinski	fresh	New York Post	With "Frozen II," Disney has done the impossible: It's made a terrific animated-musical sequel.	November 14, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	Frozen II is not as sharp as the original, as it suffers from a convoluted plot. However, admirable characters make up many sweet and comedic moments most families will enjoy.	November 14, 2019
Justin Chang	fresh	Los Angeles Times	This kind of self-awareness can be a tricky proposition... But the approach mostly works for this sweet, diverting sequel, which understands... just how susceptible the audience might be to "Frozen" fatigue.	November 14, 2019
Mikel Zorrilla	fresh	Espinof	It's a worthy sequel, but it still leaves you feeling cold. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Nicholas Barber	rotten	BBC.com	When your story relies on snow statues coming to life at convenient moments and acting out arguments that took place 30 years earlier, that's probably a sign that your screenplay could do with another two or three drafts.	November 14, 2019
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	The visuals, as expected, are lovely, but there's little here to match the revolutionary power (sisters are doing it for themselves etc) of the first film or its inherent charm.	November 14, 2019
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	'Frozen II' is visually glorious with plenty of amusing character interactions, but it suffers from an abundance of mediocre songs and a deeply generic "dark sequel" narrative.	November 14, 2019
Kate Erbland	fresh	indieWire	No sequel is essential, but "Frozen 2" makes the argument that, even in the fairy tale land of Disney, they can still be important.	November 14, 2019
Christian Holub	fresh	Entertainment Weekly	Frozen 2 makes a valiant effort to live up to its predecessor, but can't escape its shadow.	November 14, 2019
George Simpson	rotten	Daily Express (UK)	What follows does provide a few big reveals for fans eager to know what was going on in the trailers, but beyond that, this is a film that lacks the heart and soul of the original.	November 14, 2019
David Jenkins	rotten	Little White Lies	The only surprising thing about this film is how complex and contrived it is. It's nearly impossible to follow what's happening, and what motivates the characters to take action.	November 14, 2019
Courtney Howard	rotten	Fresh Fiction	With thoughtful ingredients in the mix, the filmmakers can't manage to coax out some semblance of a cogent, coherent, compelling fairy tale for the ages.	November 14, 2019
David Crow	fresh	Den of Geek	It is a lovely collection of songs that are brilliantly realized by the production around them, but what's missing is the tangible genius that made ice castles out of pixels last time.	November 14, 2019
Charlotte O'Sullivan	fresh	London Evening Standard	It's going to make a lot of money. It will also have millions of people counting the hours till Frozen 3. I. Just. Can't. Wait.	November 14, 2019
Danielle Solzman	fresh	Solzy at the Movies	Frozen 2 takes everything we love about Frozen while taking us on a new adventure.	November 14, 2019
Matt Maytum	fresh	Total Film	It's fun, looks great and is sure to delight kids, but you're never entirely convinced about the point of its existence.	November 14, 2019
Brandon Zachary	fresh	CBR	It not only feels original from anything else Disney has released in recent years, and even stands above the previous Frozen as one of the studio's most interesting and compelling films.	November 14, 2019
Peter Debruge	fresh	Variety	In a world where old-timers accuse the youth of being oversensitive snowflakes, "Frozen II" shows what it means to have one's heart in the right place.	November 14, 2019
Mike Ryan	fresh	Uproxx	What's smart about Frozen II is, instead of trying to just recapture its past glory, it decides to be interesting.	November 14, 2019
Robbie Collin	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	For all its feints and innovations, Frozen II knows its audience inside out, and wants to ensure every last subdivision leaves feeling both seen and satisfied.	November 14, 2019
Todd McCarthy	rotten	Hollywood Reporter	Unfortunately, if you stop to notice you can readily sense the efforts of the many cooks in the kitchen, recommending a bit more sugar here, a pinch of spice over there, bake this a little longer, put some extra frosting on just for good measure.	November 14, 2019
Richard Lawson	rotten	Vanity Fair	Unnecessary isn't always a bad thing; plenty of fun or otherwise enriching stuff doesn't need to exist. But a dire case of cynical sequelitis plagues Frozen 2.	November 14, 2019
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	surpasses the first for fun and adventure	November 14, 2019
Brent Hankins	fresh	The Lamplight Review	Returning directors Jennifer Lee and Chris Buck have done an outstanding job with this follow-up, giving fans more of the things they loved in the original film while expanding the world and exploring the characters in spellbinding new ways.	November 14, 2019
Linda Marric	fresh	HeyUGuys	With some impeccably-judged gags and two brilliant central performances courtesy and Menzel and Bell, the film feels every bit as spritely and as acerbic as its predecessor, even if the plot can seem like a bit of slog at times.	November 14, 2019
Alonso Duralde	fresh	TheWrap	There's a lot to like here, from a rich palette of autumn colors to a potentially provocative subplot about historical sins, but this is a sequel that exists not because there was more story to be told but because there was more money to be made.	November 14, 2019
Peter Bradshaw	fresh	Guardian	It's an entertaining revival, though a thaw is beginning to set in.	November 14, 2019
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	While a joyful noise is being made unto the fjord yeti again and the sisters still rule, "Frozen 2" doesn't have the same pizzazz as the original.	November 14, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	A powerhouse movie that will delight fans of the first, and win over new fans too. The third act has to be seen to be believed!	November 14, 2019
Jason Guerrasio	fresh	Business Insider	The sequel lives up to the incredibly large hype that's surrounding it.	November 14, 2019
Matt Goldberg	fresh	Collider	The sequel to the 2013 hit has all the elements of the original but ends up as less than the sum of its parts.	November 14, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Frozen 2 dives into the unknown backstory of Anna and Elsa with new characters, new songs, and all the feels. Frozen 2 is sure to be an even bigger hit than Frozen was.	November 14, 2019
Josh Spiegel	fresh	Slashfilm	With its eye-popping animation, world-building, and character exploration, Frozen II is nominally a slight improvement on its predecessor.	November 14, 2019
Germain Lussier	fresh	io9.com	The sequel is not only better than the 2013 original, but it also improves the original film by adding to its mythology and shining a light on the events of that story in a whole new way.	November 14, 2019
Tania Lamb	fresh	Lola Lambchops	With beautiful animation, a soulful story, and incredible music, Frozen II is the must-see movie for families this year. Don't be afraid to go into the unknown with a different storyline.	November 14, 2019
Matt Singer	fresh	ScreenCrush	A satisfying but very familiar retread of the first movie.	November 14, 2019
Ian Sandwell	fresh	Digital Spy	Frozen 2 will satisfy fans of the original as it offers big laughs and even bigger songs, and if it doesn't quite match the original, it comes very, very close.	November 14, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	fresh	Shakefire	Frozen 2 is a more mature and empowering sequel that brings plenty of laughs and catchy songs as it stands toe-to-toe with the original.	November 14, 2019
Sean Chandler	fresh	Sean Chandler Talks About	A worthy follow up with a deeper mythology, a bigger scope, and some great character moments.	November 14, 2019
Chris McCoy	rotten	Memphis Flyer	Where did the Joker come from? What's up with the clown schtick? Is his mom named Martha? All these questions and more are answered definitively by director Todd Phillips and Joaquin Phoenix, and it only takes two ponderous hours.	November 21, 2019
Paul McGuire Grimes	fresh	KSTP-TV	Joaquin Phoenix who goes all in with another full-throttle performance full of intensity. It's not entertaining or wholly original in it's approach but it comes with a phenomenal performance.	November 21, 2019
Violet Lucca	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	Joker doesn't understand its representation of violence because it doesn't know what to do with its politics, opting instead for a confused aestheticization of anarchy, all incendiary chants and masked malcontents thronging the streets.	November 19, 2019
Andrew Kendall	fresh	Stabroek News	The film owes a great deal to Joaquin Phoenix's performance as Arthur. Phoenix uses his body as a weapon, even before the transformation into the Joker.	November 16, 2019
Eileen Jones	fresh	The Jacobin	Looking at Joker for a kind of microcosmic version of melodrama giving way in the end to something better, however inchoate, is absolute wishful thinking. But like I said before - it's the perfect Rorschach inkblot.	November 15, 2019
Dann Gire	fresh	Chicago Daily Herald	Phoenix supercharges this Martin Scorsese-lite polemic with a bombastic, electrifying portrayal of unyielding sympathy for Arthur, whose desperation to connect with others descends into despair.	November 15, 2019
Katherine Monk	fresh	Ex-Press.com	The movie tells its story without apology, and Phoenix plays it to the serrated edge, conjuring a modern take on Milton's Paradise Lost, where we're asked to find sympathy for the devil after being cast out of heaven...	November 10, 2019
James Kendrick	rotten	Q Network Film Desk	it is over before it begins because there is no other possible outcome than what we eventually arrive at, and Phillips and Silver don't give us an interesting enough trajectory to make up for that loss	November 10, 2019
David Keyes	rotten	Cinemaphile.org	If Arthur Fleck reflects the same cultural alienation that creates mass shooters and serial killers, the movie cuts away too often to establish a cogent argument.	November 9, 2019
Stuart Klawans	rotten	The Nation	Todd Phillips can dump two cups of Taxi Driver into a bowl and slop in a cup and a half of The King of Comedy, but that doesn't make him Scorsese.	November 8, 2019
Jeff Owens	fresh	Enid Buzz	It's hard to say if Joker entertains. It's dark and downbeat. There are good, even great, things about it, but overall it's just a little flat. It's one of those movies you can respect, though it's a little harder to like.	November 8, 2019
Louis Proyect	rotten	Counterpunch.org	Like "The Dark Knight", this film demonizes the mentally ill. It also distorts NY realities in the early 80s.	November 4, 2019
Carey-Ann Pawsey	fresh	Orca Sound	Even though it is most certainly not your traditional approach to this character. Definitely breaks ground.	October 30, 2019
Rubn Rosario	rotten	MiamiArtZine	Heath Ledger's maniacal agent of destruction would have kicked this sorry-ass loser off Gotham's tallest building.	October 28, 2019
Ian Thomas Malone	fresh	Ian Thomas Malone	Phoenix's mesmerizing lead performance is more than enough to carry the narrative past many of its meandering moments.	October 28, 2019
David Poland	fresh	Movie City News	Watching Joaquin dance and evolve is enough to make this movie worth the time. Unfortunately, the third act that reaches beyond the character is not as successful.	October 25, 2019
Lapacazo Sandoval	fresh	New York Amsterdam News	In the end, we think we know how his story goes but the surprise is on us. [Arthur is] becoming (yikes, and gulp) likable, and maybe that's the most disturbing part of Joker.	October 25, 2019
Justin Brown	fresh	Medium Popcorn	If you're a die-hard Batman fan, some things are definitely going to throw you off. If you're a casual comic fan, the performance is great and all-around it was chilling and tense.	October 24, 2019
Brandon Collins	fresh	Medium Popcorn	Phoenix's performance is something we're still talking about, which is rare these days...I've just had a lot of conversations, still, about this movie.	October 24, 2019
Andre Meadows	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	I think this is a well-made movie... a well-acted movie. I think that it's not as deep as it sometimes thinks it is... but what helps it is Jaoquin Pheonix's performance.	October 24, 2019
Lawrence Ware	rotten	New York Times	What the film wants to say - about mental illness or class divisions in society - is not as interesting as what it accidentally says about whiteness.	October 24, 2019
Shaun McMichael	fresh	PopMatters	In its depiction of Fleck's quixotic descent, Joker is as much about the spectators as it is about its tragic spectacle.	October 23, 2019
Barbara Wurm	fresh	Cinema Scope	Even if blank despair and the inability of being funny is its topic, Joker never fails to please.	October 23, 2019
Roe McDermott	fresh	Hot Press	As a nightmarish portrait of urban isolation and a gritty comic book origin story, the movie is superbly acted and tensely paced. It also lacks nuance and plays into well-worn tropes. It's good. It's not great.	October 22, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Joker has a very important message about mental illness, and everyone should watch it. Maybe it will make people think twice about how they treat others.	October 22, 2019
Ray Pride	fresh	Newcity	But still: a provocation. Performance art. And an ongoing conversation.	October 22, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	A study of descent into primal levels of reaction. Forget about superheroes. There are none to be seen in this version of Gotham. [Full review in Spanish].	October 21, 2019
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	Joker is a jumble - sometimes brilliant and sometimes trite. Among its flashes of excellence is a self-serious movie that isn't nearly as deep as it thinks it is.	October 19, 2019
Rene Sanchez	fresh	Cine Sin Fronteras	A disturbing and frightening origin story that reflects on sensitive issues that affect today's society. Joaquin Phoenix's bravura performance as the popular comic book villain is nothing short of extraordinary. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	Ugly, grotesque, depressing and yet quite fantastic...	October 18, 2019
David N. Butterworth	fresh	La Movie Boeuf	It's undeniably bleak to watch, but Phoenix demands our attention... and gets it.	October 18, 2019
Jeet Heer	rotten	The Nation	Simply as a film, Joker leaves much to be desired: It's heavy-handed and derivative. But as with previous superhero narratives, it provides a fascinating allegory for present concerns.	October 17, 2019
Edward Johnson-Ott	rotten	NUVO Newsweekly	The fundamental issue I have with Joker is that it's unnecessary.	October 17, 2019
Tony Macklin	fresh	tonymacklin.net	Joker is a wicked trip.	October 17, 2019
Paula Fleri-Soler	fresh	Times of Malta	Director Todd Phillips does not let up on the bleakness at any point. It is a film firmly grounded in humanity and ordinary and basic human vulnerabilities and needs in moments of challenge.	October 17, 2019
Filipe Freitas	fresh	Always Good Movies	Digging deep into his role, Phoenix was the secret weapon required to make us understand the human pain behind Joker's wickedness.	October 16, 2019
Beth McDonough	rotten	The Babbling Blonde	Joker is a visual feast about mental illness, the crumbling of an unstable economic system, and toxic masculinity that thinks it has something groundbreaking to add to the comic book universe, but merely adds an obtuse reflection.	October 15, 2019
Jerilyn Jordan	fresh	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	Phoenix's Joker is a monster of his own making, and the film succeeds in blurring the lines between fantasy, reality, and hyper-reality, manipulating its audience to participate in the horror while challenging the individual's own mental soundness.	October 15, 2019
Rob Carnevale	fresh	Indie London	Joker is a film to admire more than like. But it shouldn't be underestimated. It is a massively impressive, highly intelligent, openly provocative and ferociously performed masterpiece.	October 15, 2019
Alonso Daz de la Vega	rotten	El Universal	Joker tries to be serious in a familiar genre, but hold on to the convention. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Leonardo Garcia Tsao	fresh	La Jornada	Being one of the few Hollywood actors willing to risk, Phoenix makes the protagonist a man as repellent as fascinating. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Carlos Bonfil	fresh	La Jornada	Director without the artistic mastery of a Scorsese, but with capable to recognize the effectiveness of an incendiary speech on the screen in these times of social suspicion. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Susan Granger	rotten	SSG Syndicate	Brutally nihilistic and morally irresponsible, glamorizing and glorifying a nasty, maniacal villain, leaving one to wonder if a reel threat could inspire a real threat.	October 14, 2019
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Writer-director Todd Phillips and co-writer Scott Silver are taking societal problems that you might see explored in a Ken Loach film and bringing them into the superhero realm.	October 13, 2019
EJ Moreno	fresh	Flickering Myth	Joker offers enough to make it not a complete waste of everyone's talent, but the movie lacks that extra "wow" factor.	October 13, 2019
John McDonald	fresh	Australian Financial Review	If violence is a natural product of a community that is learning to take pleasure from hatred, Joker affords us a glimpse of the coming apocalypse.	October 13, 2019
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	Joker knows that its status as a property trumps secondary considerations like art and originality, but it purports to offer both under the safe and reassuring DC umbrella.	October 12, 2019
Matt Brunson	rotten	Film Frenzy	The theatrical trailer for Joker -- tight, controlled, and intriguing -- suggested the best movie Martin Scorsese never made. The actual movie is a shallow and sophomoric effort that isn't about a raging bull as much as it's merely raging bulls***.	October 12, 2019
Nicola Austin	fresh	We Have a Hulk	A slow burn approach that delves into the psyche of the man who would become the Joker. It's an affecting and upsetting experience, but that's the point.	October 12, 2019
Bob Grimm	rotten	Tucson Weekly	Phoenix is great, but the movie is a hack job.	October 12, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	It knew what it was doing. The performance is so intense, with just the right register for the film...hard-boiled cinema, it managed to do something new...	October 12, 2019
Martin Thomas	fresh	Double Toasted	It's one of these movies with all the ingredients of a great movie, but manages to not be...the story editing, the film editing cut the legs out from so much of it. I admired it from a visual standpoint, but not feeling much of anything.	October 12, 2019
Korey Coleman	fresh	Double Toasted	This was brilliantly-crafted cinema. The story falls in place naturally, with great performances all around to deliver that story, and gorgeous visuals.	October 12, 2019
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	National Catholic Register	Is it possible, in the world of 'Joker,' to believe in real heroism? Do the filmmakers even care about that question?	October 11, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	I feel like Joaquin [Phoenix] should get an Oscar nomination out of this, if not the win. Like for me, this is the best male performance of the year.	October 11, 2019
Adam Kempenaar	rotten	Filmspotting	Never evolves beyond scene after scene of painful slights, degradations, and worse - empty provocations.	October 11, 2019
Nick Pinkerton	rotten	4Columns	A film that takes on the nigh-impossible task of smuggling transgressive underground danger into a contemporary, risk-averse multiplex tentpole package.	October 11, 2019
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	The psychological journey of Arthur Fleck is interesting, but overall, I found this movie quite slow moving and predictable, despite a powerful performance by Phoenix. There is one surprise near the end, though.	October 11, 2019
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	It keeps picking up enough of a queasy-making potency that it succeeds, sometimes quite well, despite the director's best intentions.	October 11, 2019
Cameron Williams	rotten	The Popcorn Junkie	We've been trolled.	October 11, 2019
Karl Delossantos	rotten	Smash Cut Reviews	For all the discourse around Joker, I was expecting something truly abhorrent - for better or worse. What I was shocked to find is how little of a bite it has.	October 11, 2019
Rob Harvilla	fresh	The Ringer	Joker turns nihilism into an Olympic sport, and given that aspiration, if that's even the right word, there was only one song worthy of the soundtrack.	October 10, 2019
Cory Woodroof	rotten	Nashville Scene	Despite moments that feel like they're sincerely trying to warn us to about a world that creates Arthur Flecks, Joker often feels unchecked and unkempt in its unforgiving soapboxing and nihilistic, ugly tendencies.	October 10, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	[Joker] is aggressive in its unpleasantness, doubling and tripling down on its unreliability as it forces us to follow along on a journey where the line between reality and delusion is indelibly blurred.	October 10, 2019
Richard von Busack	fresh	MetroActive	Phoenix's maniac is never boring, always finding new layers of anguish; it's even remarkable what he does with the cigarettes he chain smokes.	October 10, 2019
Niall Browne	fresh	Movies in Focus	After talking some serious talk, it was up for debate if The Hangover director Todd Phillips could pull-off the challenge of making Joker.	October 10, 2019
Sarah Knight Adamson	fresh	Sarah's Backstage Pass	Joker is a proceed with caution film, with an Oscar-worthy performance by Joaquin Phoenix.	October 10, 2019
Matthew Pejkovic	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	A stunning example of comic-book filmmaking done with tangible grit and fearsome artistry.	October 10, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	As violent and as thematically dark as it often is, the film has moments of sheer brilliance and real bravery, especially when it comes to seeing the world from the point of view of somebody who is clearly deranged.	October 10, 2019
Donovan Farley	fresh	Willamette Week	His archaic views about "PC culture" aside, Philips has created a pitch-black cinematic world where the have-nots have been pushed beyond the brink...brought forth from Phoenix a performance that will be studied as long as cinema exists.	October 10, 2019
Millicent Thomas	rotten	Screen Queens	Joker isn't a work of genius, it's not radical, bold, nor right-wing propaganda. It's just a movie, and a bad one.	October 10, 2019
Julie Crawford	fresh	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	The role itself, fails to connect, feeling more like pomp and posturing than a real-world study of mental illness. But that's how it's meant to be. This is a comic book, after all: the real world should only seep in so far.	October 10, 2019
Dom Nero	rotten	Esquire Magazine	All the references in Phillips's film don't feel like they're homages-they feel like blasphemy.	October 10, 2019
Gabrielle Bruney	rotten	Esquire Magazine	The film isn't worth arguing over when it doesn't actually say anything at all.	October 10, 2019
Stuart McGurk	rotten	GQ Magazine [UK]	Gross isn't exactly a film-critic term. But then Joker isn't exactly a film. For one, it doesn't so much contain a plot as a series of brutal jolts to the senses. It doesn't so much contain characters as people who take and people who get taken.	October 9, 2019
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Cinencuentro	It works not only because it's completely different to the average comic book movie, but also because it's an impeccably acted and directed drama. [Full review in Spanish]	October 9, 2019
Chauncey K. Robinson	fresh	The Twisted Girl Next Door	The drama around Joker is overblown, mainly due to the media and people inserting messages in the film that aren't actually there.	October 9, 2019
Jonathan Roberts	rotten	The New Paper (Singapore)	With no huge plot surprises, it's another case of waiting for a film to make reveals you had figured out much earlier. Less "Ta-daa", more "Ta-duh".	October 9, 2019
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	"...a provocatively toxic time capsule for an era of misguided rage."	October 9, 2019
Rhys Tarling	fresh	Isolated Nation	The elements really came together for this unique one-off.	October 9, 2019
Caillou Pettis	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Joker is a highly devastating, deeply disturbing, and devilishly twisted story of a tortured man that excels in every level, especially Joaquin Phoenix's masterful performance.	October 8, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	Joker is effective art in the service of a worldview that endorses a double standard.	October 8, 2019
Rodrigo Garay	fresh	Butaca Ancha	Humorous elements do not appear to justify the criminal act or to alleviate it. They actually emphasize the grotesque character of the violence [Full Review in Spanish]	October 8, 2019
Forrest Cardamenis	rotten	MUBI	Joker is replete with the signifiers of great cinema, all dialed up so heavily that they could denote parody if the film were not so serious.	October 8, 2019
Oggs Cruz	fresh	Rappler	Joker indeed flourishes in abject vileness. It fetishizes the full extent of human savagery and rationalizes hate in a society that has become too crowded for its own good.	October 8, 2019
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	...a lamentably erratic endeavor that nevertheless fares better than most comic-book-inspired releases...	October 8, 2019
Kent Garrison	rotten	Mad About Movies Podcast	Todd Phillips attempts to deliver a complex character study in the guise of a comic book film, but does so without any use of nuance or subtlety whatsoever.	October 8, 2019
Alan French	fresh	We Bought a Blog	While Joker's ambition makes it interesting, it never follows through on the threads that deliver the most impactful messages.	October 8, 2019
Damien Straker	rotten	Impulse Gamer	In Joker, a suitably creepy lead performance by Joaquin Phoenix is undermined by heavy-handed direction and a clunky screenplay.	October 8, 2019
Wade Major	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	A rather extraordinary movie... Ultimately, it is a study of the instability in the mind, the outer instability in the world, and what happens when those two things lay over each other in an extremely volatile way.	October 8, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	A violent chaotic world beats down and then elevates a psychopath in this origin story. In the title role Joaquin Phoenix is brilliant. Even when the movie makes you want to turn your head he demands you keep your eyes on him.	October 7, 2019
Alison Rowat	fresh	The Herald (Scotland)	For all the film's faults and manipulations, I was not bored for a second, and that is due to Phoenix, who gives his all as only he can.	October 7, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	The film is impressively lurid, with a freak-out performance from Joaquin Phoenix... But even as it feels very of-the-moment, the film is indulgent and rather too lurid to take seriously.	October 7, 2019
Jack Blackwell	fresh	One Room With A View	Joker is an effectively disquieting character study featuring a great Joaquin Phoenix performance that doesn't actually court any of the controversy it's received.	October 7, 2019
Jourdain Searles	rotten	okayplayer	It's a ripoff of the highest order, borrowing from greater filmmakers without the nuance or intelligence to make the entire enterprise worthwhile.	October 7, 2019
Tasha Robinson	fresh	The Verge	It's hypnotic just how horrifying Arthur's existence is, just as Phoenix's performance is hypnotic as he spirals from fragile hope into increasingly outsized and confident acts of destruction.	October 7, 2019
Ani Bundel	rotten	NBC News THINK	It turns out the piece of art that has caused such an uproar is nothing more than an incoherent, misbegotten and embarrassingly dull two hours.	October 7, 2019
Emily Asher-Perrin	rotten	Tor.com	It's unclear if the movie thinks that the Joker doesn't know that his statement is political, or the film itself doesn't understand it's own political nature[...]	October 7, 2019
Lisa Kennedy	rotten	AARP Movies for Grownups	As well made as Joker is, there is little here to delight in beyond Phoenix's performance.	October 7, 2019
Rob Dean	rotten	Bullz-Eye.com	Joker is a soulless retread that hopes to masquerade in the flesh of a Martin Scorsese/Paul Schrader film in an attempt to seem edgy or dark but is ultimately defiantly mediocre at best and an utter sham at worst.	October 7, 2019
Chase Whale	rotten	ChaseWhale.com	A derivative movie that exploits mental illness and violence	October 7, 2019
Michael Ward	rotten	Should I See It	There's a cowardice about all of this which is really hard to ignore.	October 7, 2019
Emma Simmonds	fresh	Radio Times	Joker, on the other hand, feels like a damning indictment of societal ills, a study in how real monsters are made; it's a film that's desperately, maybe even depressingly relevant.	October 7, 2019
Phoebe Chen	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	In aping the ambition and prestige of its motley influences, Joker winds up with a bungled understanding of its own relation to violence.	October 7, 2019
Marisa Carpico	rotten	The Pop Break	For all the handwringing over Joker's release to call it dangerous simply imbues it with more coherence and power than it actually has.	October 7, 2019
Rex Reed	fresh	Observer	A movie that borders on genius-repellant, dark, terrifying, disgusting, brilliant and unforgettable.	October 7, 2019
William Venegas	fresh	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	The filmic language that one can break down has an unambiguous achievement: to give the film the code of a classic epic and avoid the banality of a meaningless comic. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 7, 2019
Tom Augustine	rotten	New Zealand Herald	So intently focused as he is on crafting an edgy and grown-up vision of the Batman world, Phillips sacrifices consistent character development, good scripting and editing.	October 7, 2019
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	Whilst the movie lacks depth somewhat, it's undeniably haunting and unnerving - Phoenix is monstrously good in the titular role.	October 7, 2019
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Cinematography, art direction and Phoenix's performance are the draws here; the story is so derivative, drawn out, empty and vapid that the film's biggest fault is that it drags.	October 7, 2019
Marianna Neal	fresh	Impression Blend	It's not a movie I'm likely to be watching again, but the visuals, atmosphere, and the lead performance are incredibly strong.	October 7, 2019
Eli Glasner	fresh	CBC News Network	There's a moment when he crystalizes into the character, we see it coming, but it arrives with a monstrous sort of grace.	October 7, 2019
Victoria Alexander	fresh	Las Vegas Informer	Brilliant. See it and there is no need to see any other film in 2019.	October 7, 2019
Stephen Silver	rotten	Splice Today	Not nearly as compelling as the weeks of controversy leading up to its release would indicate. It's both completely ridiculous and ill-conceived	October 7, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	From the Front Row	As a gritty comic book villain origin story Joker mostly works on its own merits, but when it tries to match Scorsese's righteous fury, it feels like little more than a pale imitation.	October 7, 2019
Dominic Griffin	fresh	The Armchair Auteur	{Joker} is one of Joaquin Phoenix's top five performances ever, one that is interesting, compelling and capable of carrying the entire film on its back...	October 6, 2019
Jonita Davis	fresh	The Black Cape	'Joker' is a slow-burn psychological thriller that often feels like it's hitting a little too close to home.	October 6, 2019
Matt Ward	fresh	Cinematic Considerations	Joker is a better film the further writer/director Phillips stays away from the movie's comic book origins and hones in on Arthur's wavering grasp on sanity.	October 6, 2019
Joel Mayward	fresh	Cinemayward	It's an appropriate film for its eponymous antagonist...repellent in its wanton depravity, it's still maddeningly captivating, and sure to spark strong reactions.	October 6, 2019
Oscar Goff	fresh	Boston Hassle	While I can't say I was entirely won over by Joker's thrall in itself, I also can't deny its achievements.	October 6, 2019
Robert Daniels	rotten	Mediaversity Reviews	Joker suggests that mental health issues require government funding-a narrative that would actually be progressive, if the film stopped there.	October 6, 2019
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	Less Falling Down and more Fight Club, an anti-hero discovers the power of invisibility, self-delusion, and murder before bringing all three to bear in choosing evil... it's a literal shot in the face that makes one think...	October 6, 2019
Tim Brennan	fresh	About Boulder	I can't say that Joker is a great film. Todd Phillips, Joaquin Phoenix, and the cast and crew have made a very good movie that's sure to polarize audiences and, like Fight Club, is sure to be misunderstood.	October 6, 2019
Dennis Schwartz	rotten	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	The chilling take away I got is that the cackling laugh of the Joker gets into your head, as if the filmmaker thinks that's enough to explain this sad mental illness story.	October 6, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Observer (UK)	Joker looks set to have the last laugh.	October 6, 2019
Siddhant Adlakha	rotten	Firstpost	It's admittedly hard to imagine a film like Joker inspiring real-world violence - or inspiring much of anything.	October 6, 2019
Jorge (JJ) Negrete	rotten	Butaca Ancha	Joker is not challenging, daring or risky in the least, on the contrary, Phillips adheres with discipline to the rules of the now old New Hollywood and proves to be a docile student, not a visionary. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 6, 2019
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	Phoenix, an actor capable of overcooking a performance, gets it spot-on, delivering a tour de force.	October 6, 2019
Tom Shone	rotten	Sunday Times (UK)	Phillips does everything except have someone holding up a placard reading "It's time to take the Joker seriously."	October 6, 2019
Edwin Arnaudin	fresh	Asheville Movies	The kind of rich, complex movie DC has been trying and failing to make ever since The Dark Knight Rises.	October 5, 2019
Nathanael Hood	fresh	Nate Hood Reviews	It's brazen rejection of subtext in favor of brash surface literalism is downright Samuel Fullerian.	October 5, 2019
Sarah Ksiazek	fresh	The MacGuffin	The crowning achievement of Joker, other than Joaquin Phoenix's acting, is the film's score. Hildur Gunadttir composed one of the most iconic scores of the year. It is not an understatement that her score made the film for me.	October 5, 2019
PJ Nabarro	rotten	Patrick Nabarro	All the worst inflections of comic book origin fetish, dangerously misunderstanding complex themes from Scorsese's films, and glibly piggybacking on zeitgeisty social issues.	October 5, 2019
Karen M. Peterson	rotten	Citizen Dame	Much like the Joker himself, Joaquin Phoenix is a performance artist who uses audacity and shock as substitutes for depth.	October 5, 2019
Zaki Hasan	fresh	Zaki's Corner	Joker is raw, unsettling, and experimental, anchored by an absolutely mesmerizing central performance.	October 5, 2019
Brett McCracken	fresh	The Gospel Coalition	Joker is the perfect bogeyman for our age, embodying the toxic, corrosive power of an entertainment-obsessed, hyper-mediated society of spectacle.	October 5, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Bravo, and guess who'll have the last laugh when the Best Actor votes are counted.	October 5, 2019
Joe Friar	fresh	The Victoria Advocate	The gritty look and dark tone of Todd Phillips' origins story is exactly the treatment needed for the sinister supervillain. With Scorsese overtones and Phoenix in one of his best performances classify this under Masterpiece.	October 5, 2019
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	While you're not going to see any capes or super-powers, certain allusions made only serve to take you out of the moment and muddy what the movie's true intentions are.	October 5, 2019
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	The Taxi Driver of comic book movies.	October 5, 2019
Chris Wasser	fresh	The Herald (Ireland)	It's a piece of art; a dark, devastating yet mesmerising offering, in which Phoenix - whose magnetic and eerily graceful Joker hobbles and dances his way from mentally unstable loser to despicable murderer - gives the performance of a lifetime.	October 5, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	rotten	Alternative Lens	Joker is to Martin Scorsese what Battleship was to Michael Bay; an empty attempt at imitation that confuses aesthetics and homage for quality and flattery.	October 5, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Adelaide Review	... no matter how much Phillips, Phoenix and the DC/Warner Brothers corporate brains trust want it to be some profound examination of masculine malaise, this too is just a comic book movie.	October 5, 2019
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	A multi-layered cautionary tale about the perils of living in a divisive, heartless urban jungle, the movie gains momentum midway and descends into a maelstrom of grotesque violence.	October 5, 2019
Vincent Schilling	fresh	Indian Country Today	I enjoyed the dark twists of Joker, mirrored by the twisting of Pheonix's body. But even with a masterful performance by Phoenix, I struggled with yet another attack on the origin of the comic villain I grew up with.	October 5, 2019
David Ocadiz	fresh	Cinergtica	One of the best films of the year without a doubt. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Kevin Fallon	rotten	The Daily Beast	It's the same old song over and over again, a cultural record scratch. Send in the clowns...	October 4, 2019
Randall King	fresh	Winnipeg Free Press	Phoenix's take on the character, whose scars are all on the inside, might explain how a person gets that way. Beyond that, it's best to watch Joker under the assumption it's a one-off.	October 4, 2019
Arturo Magaa	fresh	Cine Premiere	Arthur Fleck's transformation to the enigmatic Joker ends up being a bucket of ice water for the viewer. Because what we see on the screen is no longer part of a fictional universe and instead becomes a reflection of reality. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	fresh	Cinexcepcin	It falls short as an agent of chaos: because it has a reason, a story, an explanation, a cause ... but not a will. Despite this it ends well-enough and unsettling enough. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Quim Casas	fresh	Sensacine	Essential. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Rob Vaux	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	We get the monsters we deserve.	October 4, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	rotten	L.A. Biz	Joker is certainly an interesting and worthy experiment, bringing a dark, unrelenting nihilism to a genre that's built on morality.	October 4, 2019
Chris Gore	fresh	Film Threat	...the most radical film to come from a major studio since Fight Club.	October 4, 2019
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	"Joker" is a character study laced with societal commentary, more art-house than blockbuster. And in a world of ready-made superhero franchises, it's so bold, it's shocking.	October 4, 2019
John Campea	fresh	The John Campea Show	What happens when a broken person is immersed in a broken environment. A question brilliantly asked by JOKER.	October 4, 2019
Mike McGranaghan	rotten	Aisle Seat	What should have been the most electrifying comic book picture of the year is actually one of its most shocking duds.	October 4, 2019
Lucero Caldern	fresh	Excelsior	Much of this great achievement as a director is due, no doubt, to the three-time Oscar nominee, Joaquin Phoenix, who delivers one of the best performances of his career. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Jaby Koay	fresh	GET Jaby	All the positive things you've heard about [Joaquin Phoenix] as the Joker are true. He is absolutely fantastic... That performance alone is worth the price of admission.	October 4, 2019
Brandy McDonnell	rotten	The Oklahoman	Joker is overly long, thematically murky and narratively uneven, with an unnecessary ending that, like a bad greasepaint job, ruthlessly highlights the film's flaws rather than concealing them.	October 4, 2019
Matt Miller	rotten	Esquire Magazine	It is a deeply unpleasant movie. You'll walk away depressed, wondering if there's any good left in the world.	October 4, 2019
Beth Accomando	rotten	KPBS.org	One of the main problems I have with the film is its inability to decide what it wants to be.	October 4, 2019
Tatat Bunnag	fresh	Bangkok Post	By the time the movie is over, you will find yourself fully invested and ready to watch his journey continue. Well, if there's ever another one.	October 4, 2019
Stephen Garrett	fresh	Book & Film Globe	Joker has two scenes that are absolutely brilliant.	October 4, 2019
Theresa Smith	fresh	Weekend Special (South Africa)	Intense and disturbing, Joker is a well-crafted movie, if rather open-ended in its intentions.	October 4, 2019
Phumlani S Langa	fresh	City Press (South Africa)	For me, The Joker is one of the top features released this year.	October 4, 2019
Mark Goodyear	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Joker is a disturbing look through the eyes of a mad man who blames the world for his insanity, one told via career-best work from Todd Phillips and the performance of a lifetime by Joaquin Phoenix.	October 4, 2019
Matthew Lickona	fresh	San Diego Reader	If there is a meaningful difference between performing and acting, Joaquin Phoenix surely exemplifies the former here, creepily contorting as the Clown Prince of Crime in Todd Phillips' timely, toxic take on the Making of a Murdering Madman.	October 4, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	This is probably the least comic-book "comic-book movie" ever, as writer/director Todd Phillips (with a writing assist from Scott Silver) shows us a bleak world devoid of heroes of any shape or form.	October 4, 2019
Michael Lee	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Ultimately, Joker is near Shakespearean in its tragic scope. It's Macbeth for the comic book movie generation, and easily the most morally complex comic book film since The Dark Knight.	October 4, 2019
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	Joker will grab you and hold you. Listen to it.	October 4, 2019
Karen Han	rotten	Polygon	Phillips' flashes of style are all in service of a grimdark image rather than a message about the haves and have-nots, or the treatment of mental illness, or any of the other, real issues so easily within reach. It's all show, and no substance.	October 4, 2019
Megan Basham	rotten	WORLD	It's impossible not to feel empathy for this excruciatingly sad clown... Ultimately though, Joker fails because of its genre. The character has to hit those DC marks.	October 4, 2019
Ryan Syrek	rotten	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	Watching an emaciated creeper do several "kooky underpants dances" is definitely somebody's idea of a good time. It is just not mine.	October 4, 2019
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	As the title character, Phoenix is an unnerving ticking time bomb that slowly erupts on screen -- building to a explosive crescendo in the excellent final act.	October 4, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	San Francisco Examiner	[Phoenix] moves like a balletic contortionist spider, all limbs and big shoes and flapping bell-bottoms. When he explodes into full-bore killer clown mode, his release is not entirely monstrous; it's also heartbreaking.	October 4, 2019
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	Many moments in "Joker" are pretentious and derivative, but when Phoenix turns his dead eyes toward you, all you see is him and the nightmare scenario surging in his heart and mind.	October 4, 2019
Matthew Rozsa	rotten	Salon.com	While it succeeds in aping the superficial aspects of [Martin] Scorsese's style, "Joker" lacks the intelligence or gravitas of Scorsese's best work.	October 4, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	fresh	The Film Yap	A dark, deranged and often mesmerizing take on the superhero genre. The sort of movie that crawls into your guts and stays there awhile.	October 4, 2019
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	Todd Phillips has made a surprisingly austere and relentlessly dark origin film. Arthur Fleck aka Joker is this generation's Travis Bickle.	October 4, 2019
Spencer Perry	fresh	ComingSoon.net	Joker is a tough watch that is not entirely rewarding but is ambitious enough to swing for the fences when it sees the opportunity.	October 4, 2019
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	The film works as social awareness as much as it does as a performance vehicle for Joaquin Phoenix. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Michael Smith	fresh	Tulsa World	"Joker" effectively tells a story with themes borrowed, but not stolen, from movies like "Taxi Driver" and "Network" and makes them its own platform through its own disturbed form of avenging angel.	October 4, 2019
Piers Marchant	rotten	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	There's... a strong sense that Phillips is brandishing this bleakness as a kind of affect, like the rich kid who wears his brand new black leather jacket to a punk show but only after intentionally scuffing it against the grill of his Bentley first.	October 4, 2019
Jeff Beck	fresh	The Blu Spot	As an origin story it's rather compelling to see what drove the man down the path we know he has to eventually tread, and as a character study it's equally captivating to see the effects it has on the man himself.	October 4, 2019
Kristen Lopez	rotten	Culturess	Joker is a self-serious movie that, in spite of its lead, posits itself as revolutionary when it never hovers above bland and tasteless.	October 4, 2019
Kiko Martinez	fresh	San Antonio Current	The most audacious comic-book-inspired film ever made; one that doubles-down on its depravity with no remorse. That said, it's impossible not to become hypnotized by its external beauty and indiscriminate brutality.	October 4, 2019
Chauncey K. Robinson	fresh	People's World	Joker is ultimately an-in-your face examination of a broken class system that creates its own monsters. It's a gritty and morbidly beautiful journey with little comfort to spare, but many messages to mull over.	October 4, 2019
Emmanuel Noisette	fresh	The Movie Blog	Joker is a captivating and insanely brilliant presentation of the classic comic book villain thanks to the award worthy performance by Joaquin Phoenix.	October 4, 2019
Mario Alegre	fresh	Prxima Tanda	Phoenix's performance is monumental, a black hole of agony and despair that attracts everything else in the film towards him, consuming it in its deep and inescapable darkness. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Lisa Johnson Mandell	rotten	AtHomeInHollywood.com	One of the most gratuitously grim films of the decade, you can't help but wonder for whom the film rolls.	October 4, 2019
Kyle Wilson	fresh	The Lamplight Review	Joker is an impressive achievement on many levels, but the sloppy mixed message of the film and the near torturous dread of the entire outing leave very little entertainment to be had.	October 4, 2019
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	It's dark, violent and unsettling, but it's also extremely thoughtful and executed to perfection. If you do choose to see it, it will stick with you for a long time.	October 4, 2019
Alci Rengifo	rotten	Entertainment Voice	What Arthur is meant to represent or convey is a mystery only Phillips might understand, because all he evokes on screen is aimless pain, which many people do actually endure but should a film simply be despair for entertainment and nothing more?	October 4, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	This is a fascinating movie, but I wouldn't call it fun.	October 4, 2019
Ivn Belmont	fresh	Konexin	A great work and an example of how great the comic-based cinema can be if it is risky enough, with the sole purpose of presenting a more complex, mature and rewarding proposal. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Daniel M. Kimmel	rotten	New England Movies Weekly	Director Phillips, best known for the inane Hangover movies, wants to show he can be serious and profound, but has bitten off more than he can chew.	October 4, 2019
Robert Horton	rotten	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	A sour, incoherent jumble, redeemed only by Joaquin Phoenix's astonishing performance in the central role.	October 4, 2019
Kurt Loder	fresh	Reason Online	The movie gets off to a strangely muted start, and even fans of the DC comics in which the demented clown has been giving Batman so much guff for the past 80 years may grow restless.	October 4, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	This movie will hit you hard emotionally and also leave you conflicted over how you feel about the title character, who is considered one of Batman's biggest foes but also one of the most formidable villains in the entire comic-book universe.	October 4, 2019
Josh Wilding	fresh	ComicBookMovie.com	One of the best comic book movies of all-time, Joker takes us to some dark places but it's a richly rewarding (and haunting) experience which is anchored by an unbelievable performance from Joaquin Phoenix. It's a masterpiece.	October 4, 2019
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	Who knew that Phillips had this kind of haunting, violent and grime-encrusted effort in him?	October 4, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	fresh	Shakefire	Carried by a commanding, Oscar-worthy performance by Joaquin Phoenix in the titular role, Joker explores the darkest aspects of society and offers a window into the mental breakdown of a man who is pushed passed his breaking point.	October 4, 2019
Richard Brody	rotten	New Yorker	A movie of a cynicism so vast and pervasive as to render the viewing experience even emptier than its slapdash aesthetic does.	October 4, 2019
Aaron Peterson	fresh	The Hollywood Outsider	Joker is a testament to the power of the right actor to elevate occasionally shaky material to a gold standard. Joaquin Phoenix's humanity-laden performance is the perfect mix of futility and fury.	October 4, 2019
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	Certainly not for all audiences (especially kids), "Joker" is a master class in acting and seeing how and why evil can rise. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)	October 4, 2019
Jordan Hoffman	rotten	Guardian	Bleak and juvenile	October 4, 2019
Hope Madden	fresh	Columbus Underground	These "look what I'm doing here" scenes drag the film, but as long as you never take your eyes off Phoenix (and who could?), you're not likely to notice.	October 4, 2019
Bill Arceneaux	fresh	Cinema isN'T Dead	A disturbing but somewhat courageous portrait of someone who loses everything but somehow wins most victoriously - at least, in his mind. Uncomfortable and righteous.	October 4, 2019
Nicols Delgadillo	rotten	Cultured Vultures	Joker offers tremendous imagery and a top performance from Joaquin Phoenix, but it fails to drum up any strong themes or interesting statements, leaving it feeling empty.	October 4, 2019
Phil Villarreal	fresh	ABC Tucson	Phoenix's performance of a lifetime yields a comic book film for the ages.	October 4, 2019
David Harris	fresh	Spectrum Culture	Featuring a tour-de-force performance by Joaquin Phoenix, Joker is a rare comic book film that actually surprises.	October 4, 2019
Matthew Dougherty	rotten	The Filtered Lens	...the story sort of just happens, with violence, expertly built tension, and some truly gorgeous cinematography used to fill the air where a central theme would normally go.	October 4, 2019
Kevin N. Laforest	fresh	Extra Beurre	Features a masterful performance by Joaquin Phoenix, almost on the level of The Master and You Were Never Really Here. [Full review in French]	October 4, 2019
Eric D. Snider	rotten	Crooked Marquee	A gritty, Very Serious, faux-provocative movie with nothing to say.	October 4, 2019
Jared Mobarak	rotten	Jaredmobarak.com	Everything that captivates us about Arthur is inevitably forgotten and everything he becomes is beholden to familiar tropes. It does look great, but I left feeling nothing.	October 4, 2019
Ruth Maramis	fresh	FlixChatter Film Blog	Joaquin Phoenix's certainly mesmerizing, but his hypnotic quality soon wears out thanks to Phillips' overbearing direction. It's an unrelentingly grim and bleak affair from start to finish, it'd be tough to put on a happy face after you watch it.	October 4, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	Yes, this film is disturbing and violent, but it deals with serious issues. More than anything else about this film, it's Joaquin Phoenix' performance that stands out.	October 4, 2019
Sean Collier	fresh	Pittsburgh Magazine	It's less a film than a showcase for the performance; as that, at least, it's pretty good.	October 4, 2019
Tim Stevens	rotten	Comicsverse	Truth is, this is not really a groundbreaking exercise in making us sympathize with the Devil. This is not a monster creator on a big screen, it's just familiar plot in grease makeup.	October 4, 2019
Nicols Ruiz	fresh	Cdigo espagueti	This movie isn't as intelligent or irreverent as Todd Phillips might think. But it does challenge the conventional structures of the genre and the ideological implications of superhero movies. Flawed and riveting. [Full review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Tomas Trussow	rotten	The Lonely Film Critic	It is a premise in search of an argument, and, finding none, is content to get by on empty commotion.	October 3, 2019
Douglas Davidson	fresh	Elements of Madness	Despite finding Joker to be an incredibly unique cinematic experience, the result of craftspeople at the top of their game, the manner in which they successfully capture the nature of the Joker instills far more trepidation than awe.	October 3, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	fresh	En Filme	Joker manages to modernize a character that is carved in the collective imagination by mixing the styles of New Hollywood with a current social criticism, dragging the viewer towards a vortex of emotional setbacks. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 3, 2019
Fernanda Solrzano	fresh	Letras Libres	While Joker may not break the superhero wheel, it works as a denunciation of a corrupt society in which its members can be as toxic and as aggressive as the people it signals out. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 3, 2019
Javier Ocaa	fresh	El Pais (Spain)	A formidable and twisted film. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 3, 2019
Andiee Paviour	fresh	Nobody's Reading This But Me	From his spat-out perspective, the world in which Arthur Fleck struggles to exist is malevolently ugly.	October 3, 2019
Nell Minow	rotten	Movie Mom	"Joker" tries hard to be dark, disturbing, and meaningful. It is dark, but it is sour, superficial and gross.	October 3, 2019
Alexandra Heller-Nicholas	fresh	Flicks.com.au	It demands we think about power, difference and violence in ways we do not necessarily expect a heavily branded mainstream blockbuster to do so.	October 3, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	rotten	Wall Street Journal	If you're feeling insufficiently anxious in your life, "Joker" could be just the ticket. If not, look elsewhere to be entertained.	October 3, 2019
Kristy Puchko	rotten	Pajiba	In a sick way, all this controversy might be a boon for Joker, because the movie itself is painfully mediocre and politically dunderheaded.	October 3, 2019
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	"Joker" stays with the viewer, forcing you to consider it more carefully. The picture you'll get is dark - haunting, disturbing and all too real.	October 3, 2019
Cameron Meier	fresh	Orlando Weekly	A movie that is destined to become a defining moment of the comic-book genre. And that's no joke.	October 3, 2019
Michael J. Casey	fresh	Michael J. Cinema	A profoundly upsetting movie that is powerfully constructed. There's a precision to the camerawork, but the images are gritty and dank. It's as if the film stock is rotting away before our eyes.	October 3, 2019
Bill Watters	fresh	Aggressive Comix	Once again the role of the Joker gives another actor the role of their career. It's dark, non-comic like, and an amazing experience, though not anything like what we've seen from DC before. And in this case, that's a good thing.	October 3, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	Phoenix delivers an Oscar-worthy performance in The Joker.	October 3, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	Expertly crafted and features a stunning lead performance, but it's also a morally problematic exercise in cinematic nihilism.	October 3, 2019
Dana Barbuto	fresh	The Patriot Ledger	Whether it's worth seeing depends on your tolerance for glorifying a dangerous mentally ill man breaking bad and becoming a menace to the society that abandoned him. Yup, the joke's on us - all of us. And it's a message pounded home with a sledgehammer.	October 3, 2019
Dana Stevens	rotten	Slate	Joker is a bad movie, yes: It's predictable, clichd, deeply derivative of other, better movies, and overwritten to the point of self-parody.	October 3, 2019
Vincent Mancini	fresh	FilmDrunk	The only thing wrong with 'Joker' is the commercial imposition that the main character has to become the Joker at the end. Absent that, it's actually a pretty good movie.	October 3, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	"Joker" is an effective slow burn that takes an iconic villain, humanizes him, and gives the audience an insight to mental illness.	October 3, 2019
Tom Santilli	fresh	Movie Show Plus	There is an Arthur Fleck in all of us. And that thought may just be subconsciously more than many movie-goers can bear.	October 3, 2019
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	Believe the hype, ignore the naysayers and savor the year's best movie ... so far.	October 3, 2019
Tom Gliatto	fresh	People Magazine	Joker has a nasty, oppressive power, and it never falters in its grim, purposeful momentum.	October 3, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Mental illness, gun control, society's apathetic decay, the chasm between rich and poor; Joker takes a fatalistic dive into heady issues.	October 3, 2019
A.O. Scott	rotten	New York Times	It's hard to say if the muddle "Joker" makes of itself arises from confusion or cowardice, but the result is less a depiction of nihilism than a story about nothing.	October 3, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	It is brilliantly performed - you can put the house on Phoenix getting an Oscar nomination, at least - stunningly well staged and disarmingly well written and argued.	October 3, 2019
John Wenzel	fresh	Denver Post	Perhaps the bleakest assertion of "Joker" is the one that's hardest to disprove: That the ghastly world Fleck inhabits, and by extension ours, is the one we deserve.	October 3, 2019
Akhil Arora	rotten	Gadgets360	It's provocative but sadly, it's also irresponsible in the handling of that material.	October 3, 2019
Gerald Peary	fresh	Arts Fuse	Joker is socially irresponsible at times, but with purpose.	October 3, 2019
Annie Banks	fresh	Glue Magazine	Joker is a devastatingly bold, brashly aggressive, truly haunting homage to the clown prince of crime. It stands proud as one of the most troubling, worrisome and delightfully distressing pieces of comic book cinema.	October 3, 2019
Michael Calleri	rotten	Niagara Gazette	Phillips and Silver have no interest in how [Arthur] can rid himself of the clutter that corrupts his existence. They're only interested in chaos; however, they don't elevate the chaos into a meaningful narrative, they pander to the audience with it.	October 3, 2019
George Thomas	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	Phillips could have made a nip and tuck here or there to shave off run time, but he asks questions about society where no easy answers exist. In that respect, he makes "Joker" very much worth the time and money invested.	October 3, 2019
Jason Di Rosso	fresh	ABC News (Australia)	Joker builds into a statement that's salient and provocative - holding a mirror to real world frustration and the resurgent populism in our midst.	October 3, 2019
Hannah Lodge	rotten	The Beat	Joker's intellectual commentary is just a cheap costume.	October 3, 2019
Demetrios Matheou	fresh	The Arts Desk	Starring a phenomenal Joaquin Phoenix, it's seriously themed, brilliantly executed and quite extraordinary.	October 3, 2019
Chris Hewitt	fresh	Minneapolis Star Tribune	Phillips made a brilliant choice in casting Phoenix, and then he was smart to know that the actor is so deep inside this role that everything he does, up to and including a homicidal rumba, feels right.	October 3, 2019
Max Weiss	rotten	Baltimore Magazine	I find the whole enterprise wearying and a little ridiculous.	October 3, 2019
Glen Weldon	rotten	NPR	It devotes so much of its energy into not being about a comic book villain that it neglects being about ... much of anything, really.	October 3, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	In what should come to stand as the finest performance of 2019 - Oscars, here he comes! - Phoenix isolates a void in The Joker between the breaking of the man and the making of a menace to society.	October 3, 2019
Kyle Smith	fresh	National Review	Joker is brilliantly done, searingly filmed, and so drenched in its seamy milieu that you can practically feel the roaches skittering under your feet.	October 3, 2019
Jeff York	fresh	Creative Screenwriting	Searing onto the screen as both a revisionist backstory of an iconic villain character and a pointed commentary on the cuddlier aspects of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, the new Joker movie is bold, violent, and unnerving.	October 3, 2019
Deirdre Crimmins	fresh	HighDef Digest	The physicality and emotional rigor of the part of this evil man are easily met by a seasoned professional such as Phoenix.	October 3, 2019
Trey Mangum	rotten	Shadow and Act	The huge problem with the film's storytelling is that it insults its audience's intelligence and toys with our perception, treating both as an afterthought.	October 3, 2019
Pat Padua	rotten	The DC Line	Seems like little more than the bitter vision of an obnoxious, brooding teenager in arthouse clothing, as obvious as the on-the-nose soundtrack cues of seemingly every pop song featuring a clown	October 3, 2019
Benjamn Harguindey	fresh	EscribiendoCine	Joker is the best that comics have brought to the movies in years, but what elevates the material is the impeccable performance of Phoenix. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 3, 2019
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	Joaquin Phoenix aces the role of 'Joker'.	October 3, 2019
Andr Hereford	fresh	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	A comic-book villain inflicts realistic pain in Todd Phillips' well-made and still-maddening Joker.	October 3, 2019
Maria Sciullo	fresh	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	There's much to commend in Phoenix's performance, and the screenplay by Phillips and Scott Silver allows ample room for Arthur's inner fantasy life.	October 3, 2019
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	In this age of superhero saturation, different is refreshing and daring enough.	October 3, 2019
Jake Coyle	rotten	Associated Press	"Joker," though, is a calculatedly combustible concoction, designed, like its chaos-creating character, to cause a stir. To provoke and distort. I wish it was as radical as it thinks it is.	October 3, 2019
Charles Koplinski	fresh	Illinois Times	The film is a desperate, plaintive cry for help, an indictment of a society that ignores the mentally ill within it, calling for more treatment for those afflicted when a tragedy occurs, only to forget about them once the next news cycle begins.	October 3, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	rotten	eFilmCritic.com	As it turns out, the most shocking thing about Joker is just how thin the whole thing is once you strip away the grim visuals from cinematographer Lawrence Sher and the equally oppressive score by Hildur Guonadottir.	October 3, 2019
Sean Burns	rotten	The ARTery	The movie wobbles under the weight of its own self-importance, carrying on as if imparting some sort of serious social commentary while being extremely careful not to actually say anything at all.	October 3, 2019
Josh Kupecki	rotten	Austin Chronicle	It's DC Comics playing rough, but not rough enough, but maybe that's too much to ask.	October 3, 2019
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	Raw. [Full review in Spanish]	October 3, 2019
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	[T]he film is more character study than franchise film, a psychologically rich portrait of a mentally ill loner that just happens to take place in a world that will one day yield a cowl-wearing billionaire vigilante.	October 3, 2019
Ryan Gilbey	rotten	New Statesman	While the script makes Arthur pitiable, [Joaquin] Phoenix preserves his humanity... he's good enough to make the movie seem better than it is - but even he can't make his character consistent.	October 3, 2019
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	The supervillain origin story to beat all origin stories.	October 3, 2019
Tom Meek	fresh	Cambridge Day	The real reason Phillips' "Joker" succeeds is simple: Joaquin Phoenix makes the anti-antihero psycho-saga all his own.	October 3, 2019
Alan Zilberman	rotten	Washington City Paper	Todd Phillips pulls his punches, so his film needles the audience, daring you to be upset about it. This is the cinematic equivalent of bullying.	October 3, 2019
Deborah Ross	rotten	The Spectator	A masterpiece, or irresponsible trash? You decide. Or just step away, and spare yourself the grief. That's probably for the best.	October 3, 2019
Ty Burr	rotten	Boston Globe	This Joker has a ruined poetry to him that makes his victimhood seem a badge of honor and his homicidal urges seem a just, if horrifying, form of retribution.	October 3, 2019
Sherin Nicole	rotten	idobi.com	That's what makes this film so insidious, the 'Joker' movie might be a far bigger villain than the Joker himself ever was.	October 3, 2019
Ross Raihala	rotten	St. Paul Pioneer Press	The social commentary of "Joker" is laughably one-dimensional and Phoenix's Fleck isn't that scary. Really, he's more sad than anything.	October 3, 2019
Javier Porta Fouz	fresh	La Nacin (Argentina)	[The film] is made with pain and glory and true passion. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 3, 2019
Jeanne Kaplan	rotten	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Purported to be a significant commentary on the social ills of our time, JOKER only exacerbates the appeal of violence to individuals who are drawn to its dark and disturbing content.	October 3, 2019
David Kaplan	rotten	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Despite Phoenix's riveting performance, I cannot recommend this movie.	October 3, 2019
Steven Prokopy	fresh	Third Coast Review	The movie doesn't make excuses; it simply lays out this life in decline and dares us to watch how it turns out.	October 3, 2019
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	Joker is an exploration of what causes a lonely, unhinged man to explode, and it has moments that are riveting.	October 3, 2019
Rendy Jones	rotten	Rendy Reviews	From a conceptual standpoint, Joker certainly had the pieces to be a phenomenal film, but this did not need to be in the hands of Todd Phillips.	October 3, 2019
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	Phoenix makes his mark as a severely damaged man who becomes an insane monster, a maestro of madness who sinks to the bottom of society but moves to the top of the DC Villains Hall of Fame.	October 3, 2019
Karen Gordon	fresh	Original Cin	Joker has what may be the best lead performance of the year, but it is not for the faint of heart. Director Todd Phillips digs deep into the shadow side of society for one of the darkest movies in recent memory.	October 3, 2019
Peter Bradshaw	rotten	Guardian	The year's biggest disappointment has arrived.	October 3, 2019
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	rotten	Film Festival Today	As stuffed as the fat cats are meant to be, however, the cinematic manor in which they here reside is really just an empty shell that thinks it's full.	October 3, 2019
Ian Mantgani	rotten	The Skinny	The sum of Joker's glib philosophy seems to be that there's a lot of dark stuff out there, and that should really make you think.	October 3, 2019
Michelle Kisner	fresh	The Movie Sleuth	Joker is an ambitious film, and though it just can't quite match the performances with technical prowess, it makes up for it with a compelling character study and some lofty themes.	October 3, 2019
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	A towering performance from Phoenix, who becomes the best to ever do it ('it' being the ultimate acting challenge of depicting the clown who fights Batman).	October 3, 2019
Jorge Rivera Rubio	fresh	QiiBO	In an era where almost all films look the same, sound the same, and taste same thing, few filmmakers dare to do something like Joker, much less big studios. [Full review in Spanish]	October 3, 2019
Don Shanahan	fresh	Every Movie Has a Lesson	Joaquin's poisonous performance is maniacally mesmerizing.	October 3, 2019
Brian Orndorf	rotten	Blu-ray.com	Phillips has a big idea for "Joker," but he doesn't make much of a movie with it, with the possibilities of the feature more enticing than the realities of it.	October 3, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	rotten	MovieFreak.com	Joker wasn't for me, and even if I were to dance with the devil in the pale moonlight and have a sudden desire to see the world burn that still doesn't mean I see my opinion changing anytime soon.	October 3, 2019
Roger Moore	fresh	Movie Nation	The "Joker" America deserves, and craves, in this dark hour.	October 3, 2019
Kyle Pinion	rotten	GeekRex	Joker is basically an idiot's version of a thinking man's film.	October 3, 2019
Bob Chipman	rotten	Escapist Magazine	A shallow movie playing at being deep, a basic movie that thinks it's complex, not even particularly shocking or violent or transgressive enough to be "outraged" about in any meaningful way. It has nothing much to say - and yet it won't shut up.	October 3, 2019
Sucharita Tyagi	fresh	Film Companion	It is impossible to remain untouched by his grief. Entertainment is not what this film is offering, but phenomenal acting, excellent technical filmmaking, and awareness of the empathy we lack as human beings.	October 3, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	Daily Film Fix	...the problem with "Joker" is the lack of a proper foil.	October 3, 2019
Josh Bell	rotten	CBR	Phillips' Joker doesn't have the depth or clarity of vision to match up to its star's performance.	October 3, 2019
Dom Sinacola	rotten	Paste Magazine	[Todd] Phillips finds no throughline but hate, his disdain popping from the relentless grime of Gotham City like Joker's garish purple suit.	October 2, 2019
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	Here's a killing joke: director Todd Phillips doesn't understand why his own origin story/character study of Joker is a masterpiece	October 2, 2019
Brent Hankins	rotten	The Lamplight Review	It's as if Phillips had a burning desire to create his own version of Taxi Driver, but wasn't sure audiences would show up, so he slapped a coat of green hair dye and greasepaint onto the screenplay to guarantee plenty of asses in seats.	October 2, 2019
Preston Barta	fresh	Denton Record-Chronicle	'Joker' is a film that is simply trying to elicit a response and provoke viewers. It is not what you will be expecting from a big-budget movie with a DC logo slapped on it. How Phillips made something that is on par with 'Taxi Driver' is utterly shocking.	October 2, 2019
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	If there's any danger related to Joker, that would be a result not of a supposedly "incel" apology (which it's not), but of how attractive it makes nihilism look. [Full review in Portuguese]	October 2, 2019
Shannon McGrew	fresh	Nightmarish Conjurings	With Oscar worthy performances, most notably by Joaquin Phoneix, as well as Lawrence Sher's beautiful cinematography and composer Hildur Gunadttir's haunting score, the film packs a wallop of a punch to all senses.	October 2, 2019
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Although it may be difficult to "like" this film in a conventional sense, it offers a powerful and unforgettable experience that few will find easy to shake.	October 2, 2019
Armond White	rotten	National Review	Phoenix and Phillips turn Joker into a sociopolitical mishmash.	October 2, 2019
Sean Chandler	fresh	Sean Chandler Talks About	Todd Phillips and Joaquin Phoenix successfully make a compelling comic book movie which focuses on character over spectacle.	October 2, 2019
Anton Bitel	fresh	Projected Figures	an uncomfortable, accusatory character study, as it catches us on one side or another of Fleck's misplaced laughter, and tries to get us all to dance to his bloody steps.	October 2, 2019
Robert W. Butler	fresh	Butler's Cinema Scene	Forget escapism. Joker rubs our faces in angst, yet it is brilliant in its ugliness.	October 2, 2019
Kate Rodger	fresh	Newshub (NZ)	Joaquin Phoenix as Joker will haunt the recesses of my soul until the end of time.	October 2, 2019
Kerry Lengel	fresh	Arizona Republic	It's a film about cinema, made by and for pop culture sophisticates. It doesn't have to mean anything.	October 2, 2019
Katie Walsh	rotten	Tribune News Service	"Joker" is resoundingly one-note throughout the majority of its running time, Phillips mistaking "unrelentingly grim" for "profound," which just renders the film punishingly dull.	October 2, 2019
Brian Lowry	rotten	CNN.com	It's not too much to ask -- and more than just being a scold -- for justification of an exercise that places such a villain front and center, especially when there is so little light or goodness to balance the darkness.	October 2, 2019
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	the film's main asset is Phoenix's insane tour de force, the actor projecting a tortured physique, his torso twisted and ribs projecting as he moves with a grace that can only be called balletic.	October 2, 2019
Joey Magidson	fresh	Hollywood News	Joaquin Phoenix is next level amazing in "Joker," and this is definitely the movie Todd Phillips set out to make, but I'm not sure it's one that should have been made.	October 2, 2019
MaryAnn Johanson	rotten	Flick Filosopher	Not fit to lick the boots of Martin Scorsese or Christopher Nolan, though the height of its ambition appears to be its desperation to do so. A movie as pathetically ineffectual as its protagonist.	October 2, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	With Phoenix appearing in virtually every minute of this movie and dominating the screen with his memorably creepy turn, "Joker" will cling to you like the aftermath of an unfortunately realistic nightmare.	October 2, 2019
Michael Phillips	rotten	Chicago Tribune	In a year of mass culture that gave us HBO's excellent "Chernobyl," "Joker" can claim the grimmest depiction of a meltdown.	October 2, 2019
Gary Thompson	rotten	Philadelphia Daily News	Having unleashed Phoenix, Phillips doesn't seem to know how to contain or couch the performance. At some point he seems to have surrendered, and when the movie is over you realize Arthur is its only substantial character.	October 2, 2019
Rafer Guzman	rotten	Newsday	A ghastly-good Phoenix can't save this slice of faux social commentary.	October 2, 2019
Dustin Putman	fresh	TheFilmFile.com	As unsettling as it is rapturous. Sobering and, yes, shocking, "Joker" creatively invigorates in its sheer unvarnished madness.	October 2, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	It is a narcissistic fantasy beloved of mass shooters and war criminals, not antiheroes.	October 2, 2019
Joanna Langfield	rotten	The Movie Minute	Todd Phillips' take on the iconic Batman nemesis has a lot on its mind. Too bad it blasts it all so relentlessly almost none of it leaves a lasting mark.	October 2, 2019
Peter Canavese	fresh	Groucho Reviews	Joker isn't the film to seriously tackle the issue[s]--it's more concerned with flair than genuine inquiry--but Phoenix's pained, raw-nerve performance is one for the ages.	October 2, 2019
Sarah Marrs	rotten	Lainey Gossip	It's kind of amazing such an empty spectacle has sparked so much heated debate, but then, comic book movies usually are over-hyped.	October 2, 2019
Nigel Andrews	fresh	Financial Times	Phoenix gives the role a frightening intensity. This actor doesn't favour dilettante distancing. He steps right through the looking glass to become the character he has been staring at.	October 2, 2019
John Petkovic	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	Phoenix is brilliant at exploring the depths of his demise to his ascent to avenging angel gone horribly wrong. He punctuates every step with sneering laughter.	October 2, 2019
Princess Weekes	rotten	The Mary Sue	It is made well, but overall, it's a childish, meandering story that didn't deserve the attention it got, but also doesn't deserve much other than acting praise.	October 2, 2019
Jake Wilson	rotten	The Age (Australia)	[Joaquin Phoenix] never manages to make Arthur into a coherent person, partly because it's hard to see this schmuck as any kind of future arch-villain and partly because the film's thesis is kept broad and vague.	October 2, 2019
Jazz Tangcay	fresh	AwardsWatch	Phoenix delivers a mesmerizing performance and catapults into one of the best interpretations of Batman's most famous archenemy and an equally Oscar-worthy performance.	October 2, 2019
Pamela Powell	fresh	Reel Honest Reviews	As a piece of art, and film is an art form, Joker masterfully finds a voice for the brutal and believable backstory for The Joker. In the end, however, this is a film for super hero fans.	October 2, 2019
Kirsten Acuna	fresh	Insider	You're probably going to leave the film feeling uncomfortable, but you'll also be wowed by Phoenix's performance. He's gunning for an Oscar nod as the Clown Prince of Crime and he may certainly get it.	October 2, 2019
Linda Marric	fresh	The Jewish Chronicle	Phoenix is truly outstanding in a performance which almost seems like an extension of his role in Lynne Ramsay's stunning 2017 crime thriller You Were Never Really Here.	October 2, 2019
Matt Oakes	fresh	Silver Screen Riot	Joker assesses society's fraught structure, the cyclical nature of violence, the damage we allow to be passed onto those less fortunate and more at-risk, and treats it to a punchline. And that's okay. Why so serious?	October 2, 2019
Andrew Wyatt	rotten	The Lens	Joker plays like the Clown Prince's own propaganda film, a flimsy, sloppy "You Made Me Do This" ex post facto justification for all the criminal havoc he wreaks on Gotham in the ensuing years.	October 2, 2019
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	Consciously channelling classics such as Taxi Driver and The King Of Comedy, it's a visually striking, breathtakingly dangerous reflection of our broken times wherein a deluded loner finally finds himself empowered and noticed when he picks up a gun.	October 2, 2019
Jeffrey Lyles	rotten	Lyles' Movie Files	As a long form explanation why some dudes can literally get away with murder, Joker is a massive success/instructional video.	October 2, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	fresh	Chilango.com	In the end, we hope that Joker is the spearhead for new ways to adapt the comics to the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]	October 2, 2019
Clint Worthington	rotten	The Spool	Even if we ignore the immaturity and shallowness of its messaging, there's a lot of mess in Joker that not even watching Phoenix do his thing for two hours can fully shake.	October 2, 2019
David Sims	rotten	The Atlantic	As Joker gets grimmer and descends further into bloody violence, it becomes little more than a horror show, bludgeoning its viewers out of any chance at insight.	October 2, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	I was riveted by this movie from just about start to finish.	October 2, 2019
Matthew Razak	rotten	Flixist.com	The last laugh of someone who simply wants to watch the world burn.	October 2, 2019
Sandy Schaefer	rotten	ScreenRant	Joaquin Phoenix goes full Clown Prince of Crime in Phillips' stylish crime drama, but it's not enough to mask the sense of emptiness at Joker's core.	October 2, 2019
Matt Singer	rotten	ScreenCrush	Todd Phillips clearly understands the plots of the Scorsese movies he's copied, but not their souls.	October 2, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	fresh	We Live Entertainment	After all the speculation, adulation, and accusations paving the way for me on the way to seeing Joker, the final product is compelling enough, without becoming something grander.	October 2, 2019
Jeremy Jahns	fresh	JeremyJahns.com	[Joaquin Phoenix] thrives under the weight and pressure of portraying the most iconic comic book villain of all time.	October 2, 2019
Sheraz Farooqi	fresh	ComicBook Debate	Headlined by Joaquin Phoenix's spellbinding performance, Joker is uncomfortable, visceral and raw; setting a new standard of quality for all comic book-based films.	October 2, 2019
Simon Gallagher	fresh	What Culture	It's provocative, disturbing, occasionally funny, sometimes heartbreaking and the way Phillips plays with the intensity dial is incredible.	October 2, 2019
Fred Topel	fresh	Showbiz Cheat Sheet	Joker is a cautionary tale. It's saying, 'Don't create Jokers. They won't just go away if you ignore them.'	October 2, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	BRILLIANT. Joker goes too far, but intentionally so. For all the talk of "inciting violence", it's shocking that nobody is talking about this film's OTHER important messages.	October 2, 2019
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	I find it ridiculous that the same people who reject the notion of movies being responsible for inciting real-life violence are the ones panicking about Joker inspiring mass shooters.	October 2, 2019
Edward Douglas	fresh	The Weekend Warrior	Phillips has created a compelling character study with Phoenix's performance something that will be talked about for a long time.	October 2, 2019
Sarah Cartland	fresh	Caution Spoilers	Gritty and grubby, garish and loud, violent and depressing, Joker is a blunt instrument of a movie - though it is a good movie. Phoenix is superb, Arthur Fleck's downward spiral inverted into an ascent to antihero status as Gotham seethes then explodes.	October 2, 2019
Sean P. Means	rotten	Salt Lake Tribune	This "Joker" doesn't care about the violence it perpetuates, but wants credit for pretending to care.	October 1, 2019
Ann Hornaday	rotten	Washington Post	Like the anti-hero at its center, it's a movie trying so hard to be capital-b Big that it can't help looking small.	October 1, 2019
Paul Whitington	fresh	Irish Independent	The Joker is deadly serious, a bleak but oddly beautiful horror film that evokes the nightmarish nihilism of Martin Scorsese's Taxi Driver.	October 1, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	A power and free film and almost improper of Hollywood in the times they are in. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 1, 2019
Gavia Baker-Whitelaw	fresh	The Daily Dot	Starting as a powerfully unsettling character study, it builds to the kind of corny and obvious finale you'd expect from, yes, a studio superhero movie.	October 1, 2019
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	Yes, this is the story of the birth of a popular super villain, but "Joker" has much bigger issues on its mind.	October 1, 2019
Kayleigh Donaldson	fresh	Syfy Wire	I didn't hate the movie. Actually, I think it's kind of great in many ways, but the things it does badly are tough to ignore...Joker is good. Not great, but certainly not a world-ending disaster.	October 1, 2019
Jonay Armas	fresh	Caimn Cuadernos de Cine	It's interesting that Todd Phillips had to get so far away from the character to find the brightest way to put it on the screen. [Full review in Spanish]	October 1, 2019
Vicky Roach	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Joaquin Phoenix isn't so much an actor as a moral contortionist in this mesmerising origin story.	October 1, 2019
Katie Smith-Wong	fresh	Flick Feast	Its themes will polarise audiences but there is no denying Philips' devastating reimagination of an iconic character. Along with Phoenix's staggering performance, this is one Joker that can be serious.	October 1, 2019
Andy Lea	fresh	Daily Star (UK)	The best film of 2019. If Phoenix doesn't take home an Oscar the villains will be sitting on the Academy.	October 1, 2019
Andrew Parker	fresh	The Gate	Joker... is, like the character at the centre of it all, hard to define, but leaves an indelible impression.	October 1, 2019
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	Forget the overhyped controversy, Joker is simply stupendous as entertainment and provocation, with a gut-punch performance by Phoenix that puts a horrifically human face on an iconic comic-book villain.	October 1, 2019
Shaun Munro	fresh	Flickering Myth	Joker is bold and provocative in measures that make even the grittiest superhero tentpoles seem safe. Joaquin Phoenix is a revelation.	October 1, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	A chilling masterpiece. Both disturbing and fascinating. Joaquin Phoenix is extraordinary. [Full review in Spanish]	October 1, 2019
Neil Soans	fresh	The Times of India	Disturbing and intense, yet undeniably brilliant, this may very well become the definitive origin tale of the Joker.	October 1, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	Origin stories are never going to be the same again...	September 30, 2019
Amanda Jane Robinson	rotten	Flicks.co.nz	If you want to watch a rejected loner with a history of trauma and a conflicted relationship with their mother make the world burn for how they were treated, try Carrie.	September 30, 2019
Donald Clarke	fresh	Irish Times	We are here for a grim fairground ride and Joaquin Phoenix, whose title character kicks everything else into distant wings, spares no effort in keeping us diverted throughout.	September 30, 2019
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	It's gorgeous to look at and splendidly acted, but it works much better as a singular character study than as a broader sociopolitical drama.	September 30, 2019
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	"Joker" is on the surface the origin of a supervillain but more subtly an exploration of empathy and the personal impact of a society devoid of it.	September 30, 2019
Matt Goldberg	rotten	Collider	Despite a strong performance from Joaquin Phoenix, Todd Phillips' Scorsese-infused adaptation is less than the sum of its parts.	September 30, 2019
Nando Salv	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	Thanks to Joaquin Phoenix's Joker there is no excuse for not taking comics-inspired movies seriously. [Full review in Spanish]	September 30, 2019
Rosalie Kicks	fresh	Moviejawn	Despite Phillips' questionable and unwatched filmography, I found myself on board with his Joker flick.	September 30, 2019
tt stern-enzi	fresh	Cincinnati CityBeat	Phoenix's Joker fashions everything, all the pain and frustration, into a weapon, the tip of a spear that can rally others who are feeling the same.	September 30, 2019
Anthony Lane	rotten	New Yorker	The strenuous effort of Phoenix's performance that it becomes exhausting to behold. Get a load of me, he seems to say, and the load is almost too much to bear.	September 30, 2019
Richard Trenholm	fresh	CNET	Joker is intense and unnerving and a radical entry into the superhero genre, but come on, Taxi Driver was 40 years ago.	September 28, 2019
Peter Gray	fresh	This is Film	Regardless of where you will personally sit in reaction to its material, the fact it's inspiring conversation is an achievement in itself, and what [Todd] Phillips and particularly [Joaquin] Phoenix have created is nothing less than admirable.	September 28, 2019
David Stratton	fresh	The Australian	...a stark commentary on the human condition.	September 28, 2019
Richard Jordan	fresh	Den of Geek	The movie as a whole doesn't quite match up to the brilliance of Phoenix's powerhouse performance. Still, it's not far off: thrilling and unsettling in equal measure, Joker is a film that thrives on the edge -- and that's what makes it so compelling.	September 27, 2019
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	drags you kicking and screaming inside the worldview of a man as he goes violently insane	September 27, 2019
Min-sik Yoon	fresh	Korea Herald	There are films that push you to the limit, have you on the edge, and then there's Joker, starring the brilliance of Joaquin Phoenix.	September 27, 2019
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	It's a very good movie, and it features a blood-curdling performance from Joaquin Phoenix, in the most frightening portrayal of a violent maniac in decades.	September 27, 2019
Ciaran Kerr	rotten	Film Bunker	We are not given a genre-bending Joker film that taps into the fascinating anarchistic chaos and oddly enticing charisma of the character, we are instead given a sub-par remake of 'Taxi Driver' with the DC logo attached to it.	September 27, 2019
Anthony O'Connor	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	...delivers one of the more haunting and unique comic book movie experiences in years.	September 27, 2019
Monica Reid	fresh	Far Out Magazine	It is Joaquin Phoenix as the Joker that really makes the film. Phoenix is weirdly brilliant from beginning to end, giving a performance which is by turns heartbreaking and frightening.	September 26, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	See this film immediately.	September 26, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Adelaide Review	...awfully hung up on the often-sweaty guys and the much-fetishised cars - but, well, of course it is, and what did you expect? And at 152 minutes it's way too damn long, meaning that by the end it won't just be the vehicles that need a grease...	November 22, 2019
Stephen Romei	fresh	The Australian	You see the concentration. You see the sweat. You see the danger. You see the madness.	November 22, 2019
Martin Thomas	fresh	Double Toasted	It's got a lot of character in there...very much a crowd-pleasing movie that's not thin or cheap.	November 22, 2019
Korey Coleman	fresh	Double Toasted	This is a blockbuster movie, but it's not shallow.	November 22, 2019
Stephanie Zacharek	fresh	TIME Magazine	Ford v Ferrari is a little too long; some scenes leave unnecessary skidmark trails. But the movie still has amiable style and energy to spare. It's fast but never furious.	November 22, 2019
Alison Gillmor	rotten	Winnipeg Free Press	Watching Ken Miles race is pure pleasure, but in the end, the film's clumsily drawn conflict feels more assembly-line than artisanal.	November 22, 2019
Armond White	fresh	National Review	When it concentrates on aspects of American exceptionalism -- the personal appreciation of how America once thought itself great -- it reminds viewers of what pundits and anti-American politicians would have us forget.	November 22, 2019
Matthew Lickona	fresh	San Diego Reader	Think Iron Man and Captain America, only it's a (mostly) true story and what's at stake is not the fate of the universe, nor even an auto race, but the glorious, endless pursuit of perfection.	November 22, 2019
Loren King	fresh	Newport This Week (RI)	It helps that the two buddies who are rivals and friends are played by Matt Damon and Christian Bale, who both deliver electrifying performances.	November 22, 2019
Jamal-Dean Grootboom	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	The chemistry between the actors is what keeps the film going throughout the running time. Director James Mangold does a great job balancing the emotional moments with the faced-paced racing set pieces.	November 22, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	It all works out in the end as Damon, Bale and white-knuckle racing make up for any shortcomings making "Ford v Ferrari" an enjoyable turn around the track.	November 22, 2019
Alan French	fresh	We Bought a Blog	In the small emotions and small moments of Ford v Ferrari, Mangold creates a film that earns must-watch status. It's rare that a movie can so wholly appeal to audiences.	November 22, 2019
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	Possibly cinema history's first car-design procedural, and as long as it stays there, it's pretty satisfying.	November 21, 2019
Tania Lamb	fresh	Lola Lambchops	Ford V Ferrari is one of the best movies I've seen this year, and for someone who has little interest in cars besides minivans and SUVs, that's saying a lot.	November 21, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	Just like the race cars produced by its namesakes, Ford v. Ferrari is sleek and fast; a powerful and expensive machine.	November 21, 2019
Dan Murrell	fresh	Screen Junkies	Find a big screen with a great sound system...James Mangold may be one of the most underrated directors working today.	November 21, 2019
Simon Weaving	fresh	Screenwize	A supremely well-balanced combination of corporate rivalry, on-track competitiveness and human drama.	November 20, 2019
Rob Hunter	fresh	Film School Rejects	James Mangold's latest is a revved up, rip-roaring blast that tells an epic tale in intimate terms while also delivering truly exhilarating racing sequences.	November 20, 2019
Kaely Monahan	fresh	Whiskey and Popcorn	You don't need to be a car fanatic to enjoy this film.	November 20, 2019
Ignacio Navarro	fresh	El antepenltimo mohicano	The staging is always tight, and the editing allows the two and a half hours to fly by. [Full review in Spanish]	November 20, 2019
Abby Olcese	fresh	Rave Reviews	If you let it take you along on an entertaining, semi-predictable ride with interesting characters and style to spare, you'll have a good time. Certainly, the movie is worth appreciating for its performances and craft, if nothing else.	November 19, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	In a film full of classic cars and racing, its Matt Damon and Christian Bale that you can't take your eyes off of in this story about friendships, feuds and American history.	November 19, 2019
Kent Garrison	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	Ford v Ferrari is a lot more than just a fun ride. It's a truly great film.	November 19, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	This is the kind of movie they made when Paul Newman and Steve McQueen were at their peak. Bale and Damon prove even in today's Hollywood talent is talent and can't be denied. This is just a wonderful movie in too many ways to name.	November 19, 2019
Justin Chang	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	It is a beautifully controlled and assembled piece of filmmaking.	November 19, 2019
Jon Winkler	fresh	The Young Folks	Ford v Ferrari expertly captures the rumbling feel of being behind the wheel of the fastest cars made, along with the drive of the men who actually sat in the driver's seat.	November 19, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	I just like to see people passionate about stuff. Like, these people are passionate about cars and racing and it's pretty cool... so that's that was the biggest connection for me.	November 18, 2019
Paul Whitington	fresh	Irish Independent	Overlong and a little silly, Le Mans '66 is also irresistibly entertaining, despite and partly because of some outrageous overacting by Christian Bale, who appears to have forgotten how to be English.	November 18, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	Director James Mangold captures the energy of the mid-60s period and the lively personalities of the men involved in this story. But the script is badly out of balance.	November 18, 2019
Wm. Steven Humphrey	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	This makes Ford v Ferrari a very good movie that, a decade ago, would've been considered great. Now it feels like a brand-new film that's already an antique.	November 18, 2019
Steve Davis	fresh	Austin Chronicle	While the movie has its share of racetrack thrills in keeping with a cinematic tradition that began with the silent classic Ben Hur, it's the personal and professional friendship between [Carroll] Shelby and [Ken] Miles that gives the movie traction.	November 18, 2019
Tom Shone	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	Mangold has delivered a piece of state-of-the art Hollywood craft that is every bit the equal of the feat of engineering at its centre.	November 18, 2019
Ed Potton	fresh	Times (UK)	It's a far from perfect film, but a richly entertaining one, with a twist that only devoted petrolheads will know is coming.	November 18, 2019
Brian Viner	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	Mangold has made a winner.	November 18, 2019
Karen Han	fresh	Polygon	It's still impeccably made, with Mangold distilling the story into two essential parts: the thrill of the game, and the thrill of watching people who are good at their jobs do their jobs.	November 18, 2019
Max Weiss	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	There's still lots to enjoy about the film, which provides us with two wonderful lead performances, exciting speed races, and car executives wearing some of the most beautifully tailored suits this side of Mad Men.	November 18, 2019
Matthew Bond	rotten	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	There are one or two fine moments here, but the film never quite matches motoring velocity with human emotion.	November 18, 2019
Kristian M. Lin	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	I'll admit I was afraid that this movie would be a Ford commercial stretched out over 152 minutes, but thankfully, it's much more than that.	November 18, 2019
Vicky Roach	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Ford v Ferrari's final scenes negotiate an emotionally satisfying compromise between wish fulfilment and historical veracity.	November 18, 2019
Richard Jordan	fresh	Den of Geek	It's an energetic effort from one of the most underrated and consistent directors working today -- it might not end up nabbing Mangold any trophies, but it's a winning addition to his already impressive achievements.	November 18, 2019
Matthew Lucas	rotten	From the Front Row	Bloated, over-long, and celebrates the achievements of men only as they live to serve the capitalist machine, leaving anything resembling actual human drama in the dust.	November 18, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	fresh	Chilango.com	The reality is that we've seen Ford v Ferrari's formula several times... But it's Matt Damon and Christian Bale's performances that make this an emotional and unforgettable film. [Full review in Spanish]	November 18, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Thanks to Christian Bale, Matt Damon and director James Mangold, this exciting motor racing saga hits on all cylinders.	November 18, 2019
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Despite being very much about car design and the philosophy of race driving, it's a very human story that will win over non-petrolheads.	November 18, 2019
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	A standard-issue sports film, that's well-produced and well-acted and made the old-fashioned Hollywood way with flare, heroics and cynicism.	November 18, 2019
John McDonald	fresh	Australian Financial Review	There's barely a scene in which cars are not being driven, discussed, designed and argued about, but somehow it's not the cars that matter.	November 18, 2019
Don Shanahan	fresh	Every Movie Has a Lesson	This is a thrilling race of arrogance as much as it is one of high-performance automobiles.	November 18, 2019
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	Even at two-and-a-half hours, Ford v Ferrari never drags. The story is rich and the acting is stellar across the board.	November 17, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	The cars do look incredible and every time we venture on to the track the movie goes up a gear as director James Mangold makes it feel like you are in the pit lane.	November 17, 2019
Matthew Dougherty	fresh	The Filtered Lens	Just as the Ford company needed Ken Miles, so too does Mangold need Christian Bale. It's he who gives this fun crowd-pleaser a little extra horsepower.	November 17, 2019
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Matt Damon and Christian Bale excel in racing picture with a winning formula.	November 17, 2019
Richard Bonaduce	fresh	KTSU-TV (Salt Lake City, UT)	THIS is how you make a 2-1/2 hour movie.	November 17, 2019
Wendy Ide	fresh	Observer (UK)	The film weathers its two-and-a-half-hour running time easily, even as it navigates a cheerfully formulaic sports movie structure.	November 17, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	Hitting the screen like a shot of pure unfiltered adrenaline, director James Mangold's Ford v Ferrari is an outstanding historical character study.	November 17, 2019
David Sims	fresh	The Atlantic	Ford v Ferrari takes the straightforward ethos of car racing-where the winner is whoever is the fastest-and lays bare the egotism and greed required for such a triumph.	November 17, 2019
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	Bale and Damon supercharge this fact-based racing drama.	November 17, 2019
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	In this movie released under the Fox banner after its acquisition by Disney, the theme is that of the team of industry pros, working under experienced leadership, fighting off the imbecilic & misguided directives of the parent company.	November 16, 2019
Matt Brunson	fresh	Creative Loafing	If Rush was a movie about men who raced cars, this one is as much about the cars as the characters. In fact, the Ford GT40 emerges as such a prominent player that it wouldn't be surprising if Fox mounted a Supporting Actor Oscar campaign on its behalf.	November 16, 2019
Leonard Maltin	fresh	leonardmaltin.com	This film has no ambition except to entertain, and it does so exceedingly well. That's not something I take for granted.	November 16, 2019
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	Films this good grab hold of your heart in their first instant and never let go.	November 16, 2019
Rob Thomas	fresh	Capital Times (Madison, WI)	For law enforcement looking to increase revenue, the best place to set up a speed trap this weekend is outside any movie theater showing "Ford v Ferrari."	November 16, 2019
Andrew Kendall	rotten	Stabroek News	Ford v Ferrari never delivers any real incisive look at its characters' motivations, nor does it deliver the excitement of adrenaline-intensifying racing sequences. We're left with something fairly mechanical instead.	November 16, 2019
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	Throw in plenty of race footage and you've got a film that takes the checkered flag.	November 16, 2019
Chris Hewitt	fresh	St. Paul Pioneer Press	"The Report" is a mystery, really, and it finds compelling ways to lay out its clues, such as a timeline that keeps track of events for us.	November 16, 2019
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Mangold takes Ford v. Ferrari out of the simple realm of the genre without entirely losing the vibe.	November 16, 2019
Jared Mobarak	fresh	Jaredmobarak.com	Ken is the story's hero. And it's great to see Bale excel in that space with some brilliant comedic flair to go with his trademarked brooding temperament.	November 16, 2019
Kent Turner	fresh	Film-Forward.com	The movie offers, to quote Miss Somerset from Thornton Wilder's 1942 play The Skin of Our Teeth, "good entertainment with a message you can take home with you."	November 16, 2019
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	Even Henry Ford II gets the message here: Sometimes you have to go along with the ride.	November 16, 2019
Pamela Powell	fresh	Daily Journal (Kankakee, IL)	Ford v Ferrari is so much more than just a car racing movie. It's a poetic and emotional story of friendship, love, and family.	November 16, 2019
Andrew J. Salazar	fresh	Geeks of Color	Ford v Ferrari proves that adult non-fiction dramas are still viable for blockbuster status.	November 16, 2019
Jeff York	fresh	Creative Screenwriting	The film contains some of the best action scenes on film this year...yet what stands out are the characters and how they respond to all the literal twists and turns in the plot.	November 16, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	Common Sense Media	This enjoyable fact-based racing movie runs a little long, but it manages to keep up a good, breezy pace, focusing more on pure entertainment than on trying to be dutifully "important."	November 16, 2019
Sarah Ksiazek	fresh	The MacGuffin	Not every "based on a true story" film manages to be worth your time, but Ford v Ferrari certainly is.	November 16, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	A thrilling race car drama with an unconventional depiction of victory and an unflattering portrait of the American carmaker it ostensibly celebrates.	November 15, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	Watch the film for a glimpse of the golden age of car racing and for the human drama accompanying it.	November 15, 2019
Alan Ng	fresh	Film Threat	I would watch Ford v Ferrari over and over again.	November 15, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	In the narrative straightaways, with the drama and cinematography and actors firing on all cylinders, there's no stopping it.	November 15, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	One of the best ensemble casts of the year, in one of the best movies ever made about auto racing.	November 15, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Hollywood formula will have eyes rolling when Damon and Bale wrestle on a tree lawn, but top-notch effects - particularly from the sound department - and a nice supporting turn from Tracy Letts (as Henry Ford II) keep it mostly on track.	November 15, 2019
Ben Bateman	fresh	Schmoes Know	The performances are electric.	November 15, 2019
Kristian Harloff	fresh	Schmoes Know	This is a near perfect movie to me.	November 15, 2019
Steven Prokopy	fresh	Third Coast Review	The racing sequences racing are exceptionally crafted...to create something so immersive and dangerous that you find yourself practically flinching and sweating right along with the drivers.	November 15, 2019
Tim Appelo	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	Strap into your theater seat: It's a wild ride.	November 15, 2019
Kenneth Turan	fresh	Los Angeles Times	"Ford v Ferrari" is made the way Hollywood used to make them, a glorious throwback that combines a smart modern sensibility with the best of traditional storytelling.	November 15, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	I bought into [Matt Damon's] character completely... The race sequences are terrific.	November 15, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	fresh	Shakefire	Led by a phenomenal performance by Christian Bale as driver Ken Miles, Ford v Ferrari is one of the year's most entertaining films. It's a rush of pure adrenaline.	November 15, 2019
Sean P. Means	fresh	The Movie Cricket	If movies were automobiles, "Ford vs. Ferrari" would be an old-fashioned muscle car, a big piece of Detroit steel, gleaming on the surface but with plenty of horsepower where it counts.	November 15, 2019
Joey Magidson	fresh	Hollywood News	"Ford v Ferrari" is a flawless technical achievement, helping to elevate a solid flick to a truly high level. In particular, the sound design is some of the year's best.	November 15, 2019
Cate Marquis	fresh	We Are Movie Geeks	While the race to beat Ferrari drives the plot, there is a moving human story at the center, one of personal struggle, of friendship and family. There are moments of transcendence and the poignancy, particularly at the film's haunting end.	November 15, 2019
Diane Carson	fresh	KDHX (St. Louis)	Director James Mangold's Ford v Ferrari roars loudly and thrillingly out of the gate.	November 15, 2019
Luke Goodsell	fresh	ABC News (Australia)	Ford v Ferrari can't help but be moderately satisfying, its familiar heroes-versus-the-system narrative jazzed by some genuinely exciting motor racing sequences.	November 15, 2019
Poulomi Das	fresh	Arr	Much of the tenderness that Ford v Ferrari mines out of this precise portrait of emotional volatility is testament to how finely both the actors square off each other.	November 15, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	If one were to compare Ford v. Ferrari to the two radically different types of automobiles cited in its title, it would without a doubt favor the former -- it does the job of getting you from point A to B in a smooth and efficient manner.	November 15, 2019
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	Matt Damon and Christian Bale barely scratch the surface of their respective characters... But they do enough to keep the film chugging along...	November 15, 2019
Joe Gross	fresh	Austin American-Statesman	Even beautifully paced, "Ford v Ferrari" is a little too much movie... But most of those 152 minutes are a ton of fun, a splashy look at the way obsession, skill and having each other's backs can produce little miracles.	November 15, 2019
Antonio Trashorras	fresh	Fotogramas	Strong in its form and elegant in its dramatic intentions, Ford v Ferrari is more than a race car movie, constituting at the same time the best compilation of race car scenes imaginable. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 15, 2019
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	If you love cars, you'll love "Ford v Ferrari." If you don't love cars, you'll still appreciate the big heart beating under its hood.	November 15, 2019
Rosalie Kicks	fresh	Moviejawn	The entire premise of Ford v Ferrari can be summed up as: just a couple of dudes havin' an old fashioned pissing contest.	November 15, 2019
Rain Jokinen	rotten	MullingMovies.com	[A]nyone who has watched a race, especially a long one, can't deny it can get monotonous. The same holds true for Ford v Ferrari.	November 15, 2019
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	For anyone who likes terrific acting accompanying engaging storytelling -- not to mention fast cars -- "Ford v Ferrari" should just be your speed...and then some. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)	November 15, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	fresh	En Filme	The car racing scenes combine simple but coherent stunts with a sober and delicate CGI, and the resulting spectacle is truly visceral in the way that it captures the audiovisual atmosphere of the track. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 15, 2019
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	Ford v Ferrari seems to know exactly what kind of movie it wants to be; that makes it an entertainment that should deliver for both racing and non-racing fans.	November 15, 2019
Piers Marchant	fresh	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	On the whole, it's surprisingly effective, the kind of film people who have no idea about cars, racing or the delicate mechanics of a small block V8 can still come away from having been thoroughly entertained.	November 15, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	The Newnan Times-Herald	While there's loads of testosterone and roaring automotive muscle on display, the best parts of the movie are the tender moments.	November 15, 2019
Jim Ross	fresh	Cultured Vultures	The film doesn't break any new ground, but some thrilling driving sequences combined with likable lead performances makes it an entertaining watch, even with a slightly bloated runtime.	November 15, 2019
Wendy Shreve	fresh	Featuring Film	Ford v. Ferrari hits the mark as being one of the best movies in its genre in decades.	November 15, 2019
Steve Crum	fresh	Video-Reviewmaster.com	Pistons and torques aside, 'FvF' is really about friendship, love, trust, and risk. It is a balancing act superbly orchestrated.	November 15, 2019
Matt Looker	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	A movie that is just really, wonderfully, reliably good. It's a finely-tuned film that has all the right parts in place plus other car service analogies.	November 15, 2019
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	Both as a racing drama and as an excellent example of the sort of movie that Martin Scorsese believes isn't made anymore, Ford v Ferrari is exquisite.	November 15, 2019
Rene Sanchez	fresh	Cine Sin Fronteras	Fasten your seatbelts. Damon and Bale drive this epic and affecting high-octane ride to the finish line. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 15, 2019
Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	Borderline rotten, Ford v Ferrari is a too-straightforward retelling of history that's too mainstream, too dull, and squanders a considerable opportunity.	November 15, 2019
David Harris	rotten	Spectrum Culture	Ford v Ferrari feels like a throwback to the bloated prestige pictures of the '80s, all the way down to its USA-first message.	November 15, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	Whether you're a car buff or not, this story about friendship and determination is totally engaging, putting you in the driver's seat, pedal to the metal, at nearly 200 mph for a riveting 2 and a half hours.	November 15, 2019
Chris Feil	rotten	Filmmixtape	It's missing a soul.	November 15, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	fresh	Wall Street Journal	It's a new and emotionally complex model of an old-fashioned audience-pleaser, with wonderful performances by Christian Bale and Matt Damon and a resonant soul to go with its smarts.	November 15, 2019
Lisa Johnson Mandell	fresh	AtHomeInHollywood.com	Director Jame Mangold has created an extraordinary film with a powerful engine that won't quit, fueled by human passion and frailty.	November 15, 2019
Lisa Nesselson	fresh	France24	This puts us right in the driver's seat, about mechanical excellence, human foils, the nature of competition...without being lectured to, it feels organic.	November 15, 2019
Steve Katz	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	Ford v Ferrari seems content to glide by on the charisma of its two leads and the sensation of the race, filling in the background with your average biopic fodder.	November 15, 2019
Luke Parker	fresh	We Got This Covered	Regressive in both its structure and tone, Ford v Ferrari thrillingly finishes its race to the cinematic past, though it had to pump its brakes a few times to get there.	November 15, 2019
Kate Rodger	fresh	Newshub (NZ)	I do love a good car movie -- add to that the joy of spending a few hours in a cinema with Christian Bale and Matt Damon and this Ford V Ferrari face-off was an easy watch.	November 15, 2019
Stephen Garrett	fresh	Book & Film Globe	It's a flashy, vroom-vroom wild ride with seriously muddled politics.	November 15, 2019
George Thomas	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	The singular reason to see Ford v Ferrari: the opportunity to watch two fantastic performers act their socks off as Damon and Bale prove to have easy chemistry together that keeps you ensconced in their world.	November 15, 2019
Tony Medley	fresh	Tolucan Times	This is a thoroughly enjoyable film with fine acting, directing, and good racing cinematography despite some arguably counterfactual scenes, like picturing Beebe as a heavy	November 15, 2019
Josh Bell	fresh	Film Racket	The movie is slick and crowd-pleasing, a very American story of capitalist-driven ingenuity, and it rarely goes beyond its surface pleasures.	November 14, 2019
Alberto Luchini	fresh	El Mundo (Spain)	The deliriously filmed races, almost in subjective planes, share the spotlight with the portrait of two antithetical and complementary characters. [Full review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
A.O. Scott	fresh	New York Times	It is, all in all, a pleasant surprise. Partly because Christian Bale and Matt Damon, the lead actors, are really good, and are supported by a fine cast that includes Tracy Letts in one of the best and least-expected crying scenes of the year.	November 14, 2019
Fred Topel	fresh	Showbiz Cheat Sheet	There won't be a faster, more furious movie this year than this automotive rivalry, at least until Ford and Ferrari stop fighting when they realize they both have mothers named Martha.	November 14, 2019
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	[T]he film really succeeds in presenting a pair of friends, fighting over differing ideas but, ultimately, willing to fight harder for each other.	November 14, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	Has the spit and polish of a top-of-the-line sports car from a technical perspective, but in dramatic terms it's more like a conventional model that's just rolled off an assembly line.	November 14, 2019
David Jenkins	fresh	Little White Lies	It's a satisfying, occasionally exhilarating film, but one which is naggingly risk-averse, and also maybe one which doesn't bother itself too much with the interior lives of its characters.	November 14, 2019
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	Whether you care about motorsports or not, "Ford v Ferrari" is a kick: both a rollicking true story well told, and a moving depiction of male friendship.	November 14, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	Director James Mangold (Logan) handles the character and drama of Ford v Ferrari well enough and knows exactly when to get out of the way and let the cars do the talking.	November 14, 2019
Jesse Hassenger	fresh	AV Club	Ford V Ferrari isn't quite as witty or elegiac as it could be, but it does have a pragmatist's sense of satisfaction in doing meaningful, enjoyable work while maneuvering around the limitations of an unfeeling corporate world.	November 14, 2019
Anne Brodie	fresh	What She Said	Beautifully balanced, entertaining and edge of your set nerve-wracking, this is a terrific film for all ages, bumped up by impressive performances and well-developed relationships.	November 14, 2019
Brian Lowry	fresh	CNN.com	With a great cast, fascinating story and old-school studio vibe, Ford v. Ferrari nearly clicks on all cylinders.	November 14, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	If there is one character that propels Ford V Ferrari towards a winning outcome it is Miles, who draws from Bale his most endearing and warm performance to date.	November 14, 2019
Achara Kirk	fresh	GET Jaby	It was just so exciting to have it all unfold in front of me. And the characters were so well written and so well-acted across the board.	November 14, 2019
Jaby Koay	fresh	GET Jaby	This is truly a car film. It really goes into that the nitty-gritty of car racing and whatnot, but it doesn't bog you down necessarily with information.	November 14, 2019
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	It's what can be called a classic Hollywood production... but shot with the advances of current technology. [Full review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Nick Rogers	fresh	Midwest Film Journal	A furiously entertaining, unexpectedly thoughtful work of force and finesse. James Mangold's latest triumph is big-blue-yonder filmmaking that observes the holes an obsession with the line of what's possible can leave and the ones it can fill.	November 14, 2019
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	(Director James) Mangold makes "Ford v Ferrari" a multitextured story about imagination and innovation and the obstacles thrown at those who attempt to think outside the box.	November 14, 2019
Rebecca Murray	fresh	Showbiz Junkies	Stunning, heart-pounding racing sequences complement rather than compete with the character development, and the track itself comes to feel as if it's a living, breathing entity.	November 14, 2019
MaryAnn Johanson	fresh	Flick Filosopher	A winning (if overearnest) depiction of manly friendship, with some pretty thrilling (if only technically so) racing stuff. But it doesn't see its potential to be actually culturally significant.	November 14, 2019
Charles Koplinski	fresh	Illinois Times	Director James Mangold is at the top of his game, keeping a sure hand on what could have been a sprawling, ungainly narrative, keeping his focus on the two mavericks at the film's center, never letting the viewer forget that the human element of the tale.	November 14, 2019
Marcelo Stiletano	fresh	La Nacin (Argentina)	With a classic stamp, fluid narration, and an abundance of emotions, Ford v Ferrari seems like an homage to Howard Hawks' films. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	Mangold's film could be seen as a metaphor for his own industry, Shelby a producer trying to protect his creative talent, engineer and driver Ken Miles (Christian Bale), from the big studio (Ford) holding the purse strings.	November 14, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	Even if you're not into cars or racing, Mangold, Damon and Bale still end-up seducing you with one of the best films of the year. [Full review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Brian Lloyd	fresh	entertainment.ie	For all of the unlikeliness of it, 'Le Mans '66 (Ford v Ferrari)' is one of the most exciting and entertaining movies of the year.	November 14, 2019
Nicola Austin	fresh	We Have a Hulk	This is a captivating and thrilling journey...the dynamic between Bale and Damon really propels the film, with an impressive production design and gripping action to boot.	November 14, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	Easily one of the best racing films we've seen in decades.	November 14, 2019
Mikel Zorrilla	fresh	Espinof	Ford v Ferrari is one of the best movies of 2019. [Full review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Nigel Andrews	fresh	Financial Times	The large screen fizzes with spectacle, drenchingly vivid in the night rain of the climactic race, while speech-balloonish close-ups of Miles are intercut, issuing the "Giddy ups!" and the "That's my girls!"	November 14, 2019
Diego Batlle	fresh	Otroscines.com	It goes back and forth from the epic sport to melodrama and from there to comedy with absolute ease. [Full review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Bennett Campbell Ferguson	fresh	Willamette Week	Ford v Ferrari is one of Mangold's most entertaining films-and that's saying something, since he directed Cop Land and Walk the Line-but it should have spent more time exploring the hubris under the hood.	November 14, 2019
Scott Nye	fresh	Battleship Pretension	Perhaps it is endemic to the American capitalistic sickness that we are so enamored of people who do their jobs well; so long as we're tunneled in that, may we always be blessed to have directors who express it as well as James Mangold.	November 14, 2019
Cameron Meier	fresh	Orlando Weekly	[A] rare, high-octane blend of art and entertainment.	November 14, 2019
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	"Ford v Ferrari" is ultimately a story of the way human ingenuity can be subsumed by corporate practice... underneath the hood of the muscle car madness is a surprisingly radical treatise on the corporate exploitation of human labor.	November 14, 2019
Michael Phillips	fresh	Chicago Tribune	"Ford v Ferrari" works as a stylish, enjoyable mash note to its era, and the need for speed and all that.	November 13, 2019
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	Vroom! Damon and Bale bring engine-roaring life to this true tale of two racing legends hired by Henry Ford II to build a hot, fast car that can beat Ferrari at Le Mans and pit American crass against Italian class. Fasten your seat belts.	November 13, 2019
Robin Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	The filmmakers show, very well, both the rivalry of the two marques and the excitement and thrills of GT racing.	November 13, 2019
Kyle Pinion	rotten	The Beat	After Logan, it's hard to not wish for just a little more from Mangold. I'm sure your dad will love it though.	November 13, 2019
Candice Frederick	rotten	TheWrap	With a staggering two-and-a-half-hour runtime, you'd think director James Mangold would have delved more deeply into the interior lives of its two protagonists in order to ground their narrative in something other than adrenaline and testosterone.	November 13, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	There is a jerkiness to the storytelling that stops this from being what it could be.	November 13, 2019
Kyle Smith	fresh	National Review	Christian Bale may be the leading actor of his generation. Not only is he a master of the technical stuff, but he also radiates the great intangible of star magnetism. In Ford v Ferrari, as in so many other parts, Bale simply owns the screen.	November 13, 2019
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	Mangold gives viewers the thrill of being behind the wheel of a race car at 7,000 RPMs, but maintains a steady balance between the technical and human sides of his story.	November 13, 2019
Demetrios Matheou	fresh	The Arts Desk	Christian Bale and Matt Damon - Batman and Bourne if you will - let their hair down as two motor-racing legends, to the extent that the racing drama doubles as a buddy movie.	November 13, 2019
John Byrne	fresh	RT (Ireland)	First up, don't let the fact that this film is about motor-racing put you off. I have zero interest in cars and I loved it. Le Mans '66 is far too good to be pigeonholed 'for petrol heads only'.	November 13, 2019
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	Ford v Ferrari is so much fun it's almost indecent.	November 13, 2019
Barbara VanDenburgh	fresh	Arizona Republic	It's behind the wheel with Miles that "Ford v Ferrari" becomes a well-oiled entertainment machine, a thrill ride with a driver's-eye view of the world's most exciting track. Everything that doesn't work is just a distant speck in the rearview mirror.	November 13, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	Ford vs. Ferrari is one of this year's best films and Bale and Damon's performances help make it a winner.	November 13, 2019
Don Kaye	rotten	Den of Geek	It's ironic that a true-life story about two innovators who pushed back against a corporate giant to realize their vision results in a film that feels so formulaic as it plods around the track.	November 13, 2019
Sandra Hall	fresh	Sydney Morning Herald	This is certainly not a film for our times. Drawn from recent history, it's a nostalgic celebration of gas-guzzling fast cars and the people who risked their lives racing them. Yet it's wholly seductive.	November 13, 2019
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	Ironically, for a story about men creating outside the box, it's pretty formulaic. But there's a glorious, old-fashioned sense of nostalgia about this hunk of Americana that suggests director James Mangold grew up on the Herbie movies.	November 13, 2019
Tom Meek	fresh	Cambridge Day	The race scenes and era are recreated impeccably, but "Ford v Ferrari" goes on a bit too long (two and a half hours) for its own good.	November 13, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	fresh	The Film Yap	Aside from just being one of the best movies of the year, Ford v Ferrari unspools the greatest sports legend most people have never heard of.	November 13, 2019
Sean Collier	rotten	Pittsburgh Magazine	The film dramatically overstays its welcome. It achieves in 150 minutes what could've been handled in 90.	November 13, 2019
Brent Hankins	fresh	The Lamplight Review	Although Ford v Ferrari slots neatly into the biopic formula, that's not necessarily a bad thing, as Mangold wisely chooses to focus not on the titular rivalry, but on legendary racing personalities Carroll Shelby (Damon) and Ken Miles (Bale).	November 13, 2019
Jonathan Roberts	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	While it does not quite hit top gear, it is still a rare treat in modern cinema.	November 13, 2019
Nestor Bentancor	fresh	Nestor Cine Desde Hollywood	A fun, exhilarating and inspiring piece of high-caliber entertainment that roars with an artistic engine. [Full review in Spanish]	November 13, 2019
Andiee Paviour	fresh	Nobody's Reading This But Me	As sportscar racer Ken Miles, Christian Bale is a study in hawkish single-mindedness.	November 13, 2019
Jorge Rivera Rubio	fresh	QiiBO	The characters' ego drives the fascinating journey as much as the fuel from beginning to end. [Full review in Spanish]	November 13, 2019
Joanna Langfield	fresh	The Movie Minute	James Mangold's latest is a racing movie fueled by its terrific camerawork and two even more terrific stars.	November 13, 2019
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	"Ford v Ferrari" is what it promises to be, a blast from the past.	November 12, 2019
Benjamn Harguindey	fresh	EscribiendoCine	It's sustained by the main performances, attractive secondary roles, a captivating plot and the best high-speed scenes that cinema has to offer these days. [Full review in Spanish]	November 12, 2019
Alberto Corona	fresh	Sensacine	Cinema is no longer made like that. [Full review in Spanish]	November 12, 2019
Daniel Rutledge	rotten	Flicks.co.nz	Everyone's trying their best, but the over-the-top cheesiness and painful predictability almost ruin the whole thing.	November 12, 2019
Edward Douglas	fresh	The Weekend Warrior	Not only one of the best movies of the year, but possibly the best movie of Mangold's brilliant career.	November 12, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Here's a film properly fueled by terrific filmmaking and performances, along with the right kind of Americana.	November 12, 2019
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Spectacular racing sequences dominate the entertainment value of FORD v FERRARI.	November 12, 2019
David Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	This is a very exciting film, and despite its length, which Jeanne will point out, it's one of the year's best movies.	November 12, 2019
Jim Slotek	fresh	Original Cin	For all the formulas it rides on, it passes and laps the one key test of any car movie. It fairly puts you inside cars making hairpin turns at 200 mph. And it brings that sense of metal-mangled death being a split-second away.	November 12, 2019
Peter Gray	fresh	Brisbanista	An old fashioned star vehicle and arguably the most entertaining film Matt Damon and Christian Bale have attached themselves to in the last few years.	November 12, 2019
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	In this film, a character's virtue directly correlates with how wind-swept and motor oil-stained they look.	November 12, 2019
Alan Cerny	fresh	VitalThrills.com	Ford v Ferrari is a good, perfectly enjoyable movie, even while thematically, it's spinning its wheels.	November 12, 2019
Matt Oakes	fresh	Silver Screen Riot	'FORD V. FERRARI' is an anti-establishment American Western...with race cars.	November 11, 2019
Nick De Semlyen	fresh	Empire Magazine	A mid-1960s corporate rivalry may not seem like the stuff of fist-pumping, crowd-pleasing cinema, yet the battle is sketched with such lan, all high-gloss surfaces, scotch-swilling intrigue and rat-a-tat dialogue, that it's impossible not to be drawn in.	November 11, 2019
Edwin Arnaudin	fresh	Asheville Movies	Old-school Hollywood filmmaking that balances plentiful thrills and laughs with commendable grace.	November 11, 2019
Cain Noble-Davies	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	...an exceptionally fun, funny and heart-pulsing ride from first flag to last.	November 11, 2019
Carlos Maran	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	More comfortable than risky. [Full review in Spanish]	November 11, 2019
Dan Barnes	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	This film has rock-solid entertainment value, confident direction, and strong performances from two absolute professionals. It may not be perfect, but it's a welcome viewing experience and one to revisit.	November 11, 2019
Rory Steabler	fresh	One Room With A View	The motor-giant-as-scrappy-underdog story may not play well outside of a certain Top Gear set... However, Le Mans '66 runs on a fine-tuned engine of technical filmmaking that supercharges its moments of high-speed thrills.	November 11, 2019
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	No matter if you're not into speedy vehicles and sports movies: Mangold's film is a testament to taking on The Man - in this case, a Detroit auto powerhouse - and having a buddy's back even when he hits you with a loaf of Wonder Bread.	November 11, 2019
Doug Jamieson	fresh	The Jam Report	An acting masterclass from Bale and Damon, 'Ford v Ferrari'proves to be the rare example of a racing film with far more going for it than just what happens on the racetrack.	November 11, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	rachelsreviews.net	The story is interesting, the acting is great, script is well done and the racing scenes work	November 10, 2019
Bill Watters	fresh	Aggressive Comix	One might wish that it didn't feel quite so contrived as an award season vehicle, but in the end that doesn't stand in its way of being a really captivating racing and character drama.	November 10, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Ford v Ferrari will have you shifting gears in your seat, laughing more than expected, and possibly shedding a few tears.	November 9, 2019
Sandy Schaefer	fresh	ScreenRant	Between its thrilling racing sequences and underlying commentary, Ford v Ferrari makes for an entertaining spin on the traditional sports biography.	November 8, 2019
Annie Banks	fresh	Glue Magazine	Ford v. Ferrari is a people-pleaser, a hope-giver, and a dream chaser.	November 8, 2019
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	A full-throttle viewing experience with broad highs and lows...a major crowd-pleaser that's packed with amazing actors and brought to life with extraordinary technical skill.	November 8, 2019
Anthony Lane	fresh	New Yorker	It's a film about pride-about being as proud of your own flesh and blood as you are of your metal machines, and about the craziness that flares up whenever pride gets hurt.	November 8, 2019
Leigh Monson	fresh	Birth.Movies.Death.	It's fabulously directed, charmingly written, and compellingly acted.	November 7, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	Old-fashioned in all the right ways. Truly the type of film Hollywood rarely makes these days.	November 7, 2019
Mike Ryan	fresh	Uproxx	Pure, unadulterated swagger.	November 7, 2019
Roger Moore	fresh	Movie Nation	It stands with the greatest racing movies ever...But there is no doubt about one last superlative. "Ford v Ferrari" is one of the best pictures of the year.	November 7, 2019
Jeremy Jahns	fresh	JeremyJahns.com	Not only did the movie not disappoint, it exceeded my expectations.	November 7, 2019
Josh Wilding	fresh	ComicBookMovie.com	Gear up for one of 2019's best movies as director James Mangold delivers edge of your seat thrills along with the compelling story of two legendary racing pioneers and another amazing Christian Bale performance.	November 6, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	It's a captivating and perennial tale of stamina and standing your ground in a fast-paced world, bolstered by yet another career-best performance from Christian Bale.	November 5, 2019
Kirsten Acuna	fresh	Insider	"A likely Oscar contender not only for the performances of Matt Damon and Christian Bale, but also the execution of its heart-stopping races."	November 4, 2019
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	Little did I expect for James Mangold to smash everything I knew about race car driving and make one of my personal favorites-if not THE definitive-race car films ever.	November 3, 2019
Erick Estrada	fresh	Cinegarage	An exciting film, well directed, with very good editing and montage. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 25, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	A phenomenal film about art vs business, and a throwback to old school Hollywood movies. A genuine crowd pleaser that also offers up some valuable life lessons.	October 25, 2019
Josh Martin	fresh	Film Inquiry	Coupled with its love of old-fashioned American style, Ford v Ferrari fully embraces its status as a throwback blockbuster.	October 24, 2019
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	Let Ford v Ferrari be a lesson to corporate bigwigs everywhere; if you want results, trust those with hands-on experience and the proper qualifications. The same could be said for movies; if you want to make a good one, hire James Mangold	October 19, 2019
Ben Rolph	fresh	Discussing Film	Bale is on top-form, delivering a performance full of gravitas and sharp-wit.	October 17, 2019
Matt Rodgers	fresh	Flickering Myth	So much charisma, charm, and a huge heart beneath its hood, that even those with a tin-ear for motor-racing will enjoy its tale of friendship and family in the fast lane.	October 15, 2019
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	Directed by James Mangold, with a slavish appreciation of formula, it's the perfect movie event of the year. If that year was 1955.	October 15, 2019
Todd Gilchrist	fresh	Nerdist	An extraordinary narrative tapestry, aiming towards a distinct and unique finish line that aficionados of racing may be familiar with, but most audiences won't see coming.	October 14, 2019
Adam Sweeting	fresh	The Arts Desk	We've seen compelling racing sequences before, but Mangold has captured a dynamic, ground-level gutsiness which lets you feel every bump jarring your tailbone. It's half an hour too long, though.	October 14, 2019
Katie Smith-Wong	rotten	HeyUGuys	It's unclear as to where this story takes audiences unless the viewer is a fan of motorsports.	October 13, 2019
Kenneth R. Morefield	fresh	1More Film Blog	I will probably get a few digs from my friends for insisting that Ford v. Ferrari is not only entertaining but also smart.	October 12, 2019
Tim Robey	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	The film lacks speed... and can feel like an indulgent rummage in car-history ephemera, albeit a smart, colourful and certainly expensive one.	October 10, 2019
Nate Adams	fresh	The Only Critic	The attitudes of Damon and Bale give the film a dose of energy when not on the race-track, and when the engines start revving and the cars start throttling to the finish line, Mangold puts the viewer in the driver's seat and doesn't let off the gas.	September 20, 2019
Nick Johnston	fresh	Vanyaland	A rare meet-up of film and circumstance that proves irresistible, on-screen and off.	September 18, 2019
David Fontana	fresh	Film Inquiry	Ford v Ferrari is a somewhat exciting entry in James Mangold's filmography. Come for the car races, and some fine performances by Matt Damon and Christian Bale, but don't expect to take too much away from it.	September 17, 2019
Oliver Whitney	fresh	GQ	The behind-the-scenes automotive drama can swerve formulaic at times, but Ford v Ferrari really soars when we get to the track.	September 17, 2019
Jordan Ruimy	fresh	World of Reel	Has some of the very best and most thrilling racecar driving scenes ever put on film.	September 16, 2019
Joe Lipsett	fresh	Consequence of Sound	Ford v Ferrari is your dad's new favorite movie.	September 15, 2019
Joshua Rothkopf	fresh	Time Out	No points for knowing who takes the racing trophy, or for knowing which version of Ford v Ferrari -- the half-smart business fable or the rough-and-ready boys' own adventure -- ultimately wins you over.	September 14, 2019
Barry Hertz	fresh	Globe and Mail	Mangold's talent for action comes alive, though, during the thrilling racing sequences, and Tracy Letts is having lots of fun with his portrayal of Henry Ford II. Yet the overall production is too cautiously steered.	September 13, 2019
David Edelstein	fresh	New York Magazine/Vulture	Though a mite long, Ford v Ferrari is so thrillingly well made that it's only later, when your pulse slows, that you see how formulaic it is. But formulas are made to be overhauled, and this film has some fascinating upgrades.	September 13, 2019
Chris Tilly	fresh	IGN Movies	There's fun to be had watching the Ford executives clash, and the driving scenes are shot with real artistry and skill, but they're interspersed with scenes of true inertia.	September 13, 2019
Ruben Peralta Rigaud	fresh	Cocalecas	The heart and soul of Ford V Ferrari is the chemistry between Matt Damon and Christian Bale as Carroll Shelby and Ken Miles. [Full review in Spanish]	September 13, 2019
Marshall Shaffer	fresh	Vague Visages	It's equal parts visual and sonic spectacle as well as human drama.	September 13, 2019
Dustin Chase	rotten	Texas Art & Film	James Mangold's talky American racing film sputters off track and bores the audience in the process.	September 13, 2019
Perri Nemiroff	fresh	Collider Video	Had to catch my breath after this one. The performances are phenomenal as expected but the technical craftsmanship is next-level. The riveting visuals, expert editing, the sound design and that Marco Beltrami score!	September 13, 2019
Matt Maytum	fresh	Total Film	Two immensely enjoyable central performances and some of the best race sequences yet filmed fuel an otherwise standard sports movie.	September 12, 2019
Roxana Hadadi	fresh	Pajiba	James Mangold has such confidence in Ford v Ferrari, the performances from Matt Damon and Christian Bale are so solid, and the aesthetics so good that you'll steadily get drawn in.	September 12, 2019
Emma Stefansky	fresh	Thrillist	Mangold's movie doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it sure leaves a pair of steaming tread marks in its wake.	September 12, 2019
Sarah Marrs	fresh	Lainey Gossip	I wish it came in a more interesting, inventive package, but Ford v Ferrari is perfectly serviceable.	September 12, 2019
Todd McCarthy	fresh	Hollywood Reporter	A full-bodied and exciting true-life story in which the men behind the wheels are just as dynamic as the machines they drive.	September 11, 2019
Christopher Schobert	fresh	The Film Stage	Ford v Ferrari is, in a word, sturdy. It's the kind of airtight drama that could never be called groundbreaking or even original. But it offers ample pleasures in performance and design.	September 11, 2019
James Clay	rotten	Fresh Fiction	This pompous piece of filmmaking is surprising coming from Mangold, who has found a groove as a director making very entertaining, yet reserved films.	September 11, 2019
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	Premium, star-driven entertainment made on a grand scale.	September 11, 2019
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	The story's great and the racetrack action leaves skid marks on the eyeballs.	September 11, 2019
Hannah Woodhead	fresh	Little White Lies	Somehow, Mangold has made a two and half hour movie out of this rather dry-sounding source material, and most pleasingly, it's entertaining even to someone with absolutely no skin in the racing game.	September 11, 2019
Jake Cole	rotten	Slant Magazine	At a time when the nation continues to weigh the fate of its auto industry, James Mangold's depiction of the Ford Motor Company facing its first major financial threat transparently plays to nostalgic reveries of the industry's golden age.	September 11, 2019
Chris Evangelista	fresh	Slashfilm	If you're in the mood for a series of incredibly exciting racing scenes, Ford v Ferrari delivers. If you're looking for anything deeper than that, this isn't the ride for you.	September 11, 2019
Norman Wilner	rotten	NOW Toronto	It's a perfectly cromulent studio entertainment, I guess, but it's not about anything.	September 11, 2019
Rubin Safaya	fresh	Cinemalogue	More gumption than gravitas, FORD V. FERRARI excites and entertains yet also serves as a meta-analysis of design by committee.	September 10, 2019
Adam Chitwood	fresh	Collider	It's executed so sharply, with such artistic confidence and mastery, that it rises above its familiar structure to become a rousing, wildly compelling, and genuinely great racing movie.	September 10, 2019
Sara Stewart	fresh	New York Post	I imagine many viewers will be more than happy to be whisked away by "Ford v Ferrari."	September 10, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Who doesn't love a Ford Mustang? Ford v Ferrari touts standout performances from Matt Damon and Christian Bale while giving you high-octane racing sequences and solid supporting performances from Josh Lucas, Tracey Letts and Caitriona Balfe.	September 10, 2019
Kambole Campbell	fresh	Independent (UK)	Mangold does well to maintain a sense of peril as well as make the 24 Hours of Le Mans race something that's visually compelling and exciting, even to those not enthusiastic about the sport.	September 10, 2019
Peter Bradshaw	rotten	Guardian	Great-looking, handsomely produced but tiringly acted and inert...	September 10, 2019
Allan Hunter	fresh	Screen International	The true life challenge of creating the perfect racing car inspires a dynamic, precision-engineered crowd-pleaser in Ford v Ferrari.	September 10, 2019
Danielle Solzman	fresh	Solzy at the Movies	Ford v Ferrari is an exhilarating crowd-pleaser...	September 10, 2019
Sean O'Connell	fresh	CinemaBlend	Ford v Ferrari thrills by simulating the record-breaking pace of the cars on the tracks, but really captivates because we care deeply about the men trying to make the victory happen.	September 9, 2019
Clayton Davis	fresh	AwardsCircuit.com	"Ford v Ferrari" is a cleverly crafted machine. Exhilarating in its construction, suspenseful in its execution, and captivating in its performances.	September 9, 2019
Leah Greenblatt	fresh	Entertainment Weekly	A big, glossy crowd-pleaser of a film, high on horsepower, engine grease, and clean-sweat '60s masculinity.	September 4, 2019
K. Austin Collins	fresh	Vanity Fair	Ford V. Ferrari is a good ride, and a good example of what so many people are thirsty for.	September 3, 2019
Eric Kohn	fresh	indieWire	Excels at evoking the sheer thrill of the race...and it's compelling enough in those moments to make the case that nothing beats the thrill of competition.	September 3, 2019
Eric D. Snider	fresh	Crooked Marquee	A sturdy, old-fashioned movie, made from a template but delivered with gusto.	September 2, 2019
Tomris Laffly	fresh	RogerEbert.com	A '60s-set adrenaline rusher with top-shelf technical craftsmanship.	September 1, 2019
Ashley Menzel	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Ford v Ferrari hits its stride when it fully embraces the humor and the adrenaline of the film fueled by the performances of Bale and Damon.	August 31, 2019
J. Don Birnam	fresh	Splash Report	Mangold once more takes straightforward studio fare and shifts it into a higher gear via heart-pounding sound effects and music, and drivers' seat tracking shots that will keep you gripping the wheel	August 31, 2019
Erik Anderson	fresh	AwardsWatch	James Mangold's thrilling race car drama stars Matt Damon as Carroll Shelby and Christian Bale as Ken Miles, two racing legends at the center of a duel for vehicular dominance that steps on the gas and never lets up.	August 31, 2019
Peter Debruge	fresh	Variety	The best sports movies aren't so much about the sport as they are the personalities, and these two go big with their performances...	August 31, 2019
Chris McCoy	fresh	Memphis Flyer	The funny thing about Doctor Sleep is that it is not so much a horror movie as a good, old-fashioned supernatural thriller. It's more Dark Shadows than Halloween.	November 21, 2019
Tim Brayton	rotten	Alternate Ending	If extremely good actors are doing strong work for roles that just kind of flop about like dead fish, is that actually a good thing?	November 21, 2019
Victor Stiff	fresh	That Shelf	[Doctor Sleep] works as an eerie ghost story and as a meditation on the life-long effects of our emotional wounds.	November 20, 2019
Paul McGuire Grimes	fresh	KSTP-TV	It balances those two books and the Kubrick movie really well to please movie fans and Stephen King fans.	November 20, 2019
Stephen Silver	rotten	Splice Today	A misbegotten and mediocre sequel to The Shining.	November 19, 2019
Sarah Gopaul	fresh	Digital Journal	This movie builds a brilliant new narrative around the shine that introduces greater power and more supernatural elements.	November 19, 2019
Stephen Romei	fresh	The Australian	Flanagan pulls it off, especially in the extended climactic sequence.	November 18, 2019
Callum Forbes	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Doctor Sleep might be the best film that Flanagan has ever done. It is certainly one of the best King adaptations ever made.	November 18, 2019
Jonita Davis	fresh	The Black Cape	The sequel to 'The Shining', 'Doctor Sleep', is a terrifying return to the realm of gifted kids and the predators who prey upon them.	November 17, 2019
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	Underwhelming sequel.	November 17, 2019
Matt Brunson	rotten	Film Frenzy	Rose the Hat is an original and unsettling character. The other members of the True Knot are far less threatening, coming across less as avatars of unspeakable evil and more as burned-out roadies still following their favorite '70s band decades later.	November 16, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	Summing up, the film offers a fresh perspective to the shining universe and will surely appeal to both new and old fans.	November 15, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Adelaide Review	Is likely to underwhelm ardent fans of the Kubrick film (which King famously loathes) and baffle anyone who somehow hasn't seen it.	November 15, 2019
Dann Gire	rotten	Chicago Daily Herald	Flanagan moves King's story along in fits and starts.	November 15, 2019
Mark Ellis	fresh	Schmoes Know	I thought it was fantastic, and it made me want to watch The Shining again.	November 15, 2019
Blake Howard	fresh	Dark Horizons	"Doctor Sleep" is a worthwhile cinematic sequel, that improves on the source by refracting it through Kubrick's superior vision.	November 14, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	Being all things to all people rarely works, yet here we are - a film that is true to both the spirit of the book being adapted and of the film being remembered.	November 14, 2019
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	This is a film with substance, as much about fighting addictions and dealing with unspeakable trauma as it is about trying to give the audience scares and thrills.	November 14, 2019
Sean Chandler	fresh	Sean Chandler Talks About	A solid continuation of The Shining with deep rich themes and expanded world building.	November 14, 2019
Rob Hunter	fresh	Film School Rejects	It's not 'The Shining' and never tries to be, but it is one of the best Stephen King adaptations yet.	November 14, 2019
Diego Batlle	fresh	Otroscines.com	A good tension development, suspense, and a remarkable work of Photography. [Full review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	rotten	Me gusta el cine	A failed attempt to recuperate the magic of 'The Shining' on the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]	November 13, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	I enjoyed it. Give Dr. Sleep a shot.	November 13, 2019
Anissa Hanley	fresh	Black Nerd Problems	It's thrilling, surprising, and beautifully tells the continuation of The Shining with a few Easter eggs hidden inside.	November 13, 2019
Jonathan Roberts	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	While Doctor Sleep is not very scary - and frankly not all of it makes sense - it is entertaining and does not feel like its 152-minute running time. It's fun.	November 13, 2019
Kim Newman	fresh	Sight and Sound	With Kubrick-like attention to detail, Flanagan plays with images and themes we remember, but always with different outcomes.	November 13, 2019
Nicols Delgadillo	fresh	Cultured Vultures	There are plenty of moments of greatness in Doctor Sleep.	November 13, 2019
Erik Henriksen	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Sure, Flanagan's no Kubrick, but he does pull off the too-rare trick of capturing the sprawling, earnest, weird vibe of a decent Stephen King novel, where the grotesque usually walks hand-in-hand with silliness.	November 12, 2019
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	fresh	Cinexcepcin	It's a great film and it certainly provokes a bit of fear. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 12, 2019
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	"Doctor Sleep" provides enough new intrigue mixed in with nostalgia to justify a ticket.	November 12, 2019
Drew Dietsch	fresh	GenreVision	Mike Flanagan once again proves he's incredibly adept at adapting seemingly unadaptable Stephen King works. A fantastic, epic horror/fantasy.	November 12, 2019
Kent Garrison	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	Flanagan hits all the right notes in a film that is sure to be an absolute thrill for fans of Kubrick's The Shining.	November 12, 2019
Molly Henery	fresh	The Blogging Banshee	Doctor Sleep is a stunning film that seamlessly combines the supernatural with trauma and addiction.	November 12, 2019
K. Austin Collins	fresh	Vanity Fair	A body of work that benefits from hindsight and reflection - unexpected pleasures for a horror movie, which must be why they feel so welcome.	November 12, 2019
Vicky Roach	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Doctor Sleep trades the full-on horror of its predecessor for something stranger and more haunting.	November 12, 2019
Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	One of the better movies of the year, and should be embraced as a modern instant classic by fans of The Shining.	November 11, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	A well made, enjoyable film - which doesn't always happen with a Stephen King book. Plus Rebecca Ferguson is terrific.	November 11, 2019
Alan Jones	fresh	Radio Times	Flanagan brings masterly touches to key moments of pure horror, like True Knot victim Bradley "Baseball Boy" Trevor's death, for a remarkably sinister and eerily on-target adaptation.	November 11, 2019
Tyler Carlsen	fresh	The Young Folks	Doctor Sleep is one of the rare late sequels that pretty much stuck the landing and provided an original and intriguing story.	November 11, 2019
Nathanael Hood	fresh	Nate Hood Reviews	...those who choose to walk the halls of the Overlook once more might be pleasantly surprised.	November 11, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	"Doctor Sleep" somehow manages to find just enough space outside of the long shadow of "The Shining" to be worthy of your attention and not wind up as just another nostalgic, cinematic cash grab.	November 11, 2019
Walter Chaw	fresh	Film Freak Central	If Doctor Sleep is the product of two powerful fathers, the end result of the union is that unlikeliest of mules: a viable one. I'll be seeing it again.	November 11, 2019
Anthony Ray Bench	fresh	Film Threat	If you're a fan of The Shining, you'll probably enjoy this. It's a well-written, well-directed, and well-shot love letter to one of the greatest films of all time.	November 11, 2019
Nicholas Bell	fresh	IONCINEMA.com	Director Mike Flanagan achieves the impossible with Doctor Sleep, a cohesive and effective sequel to Kubrick's 1980 adaptation of the Stephen King classic The Shining which succeeds as a standalone film of its own narrative merit.	November 11, 2019
Alci Rengifo	fresh	Entertainment Voice	Ewan McGregor gives a tense performance that never becomes manic, but quietly perceptive. Don't walk in expecting anything equal to the original, but a worthy addition it is.	November 11, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	Director Mike Flanagan's Doctor Sleep is a horror hit with memorable performances by Ewan McGregor and Rebecca Ferguson especially.	November 11, 2019
William Venegas	fresh	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	Doctor Sleep never fails to suggest that something terrible is about to take place: it's an ominous movie. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 11, 2019
Jeremy Jahns	fresh	JeremyJahns.com	Doctor Sleep stands on its own in its horror element, but also serves as a proper sequel to Stanley Kubrick's Shining.	November 11, 2019
Matt Looker	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	It's a Shining film in detail, but not in tone. It contains some of the same ghosts, but this is the opposite of a spiritual sequel.	November 11, 2019
Caillou Pettis	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Doctor Sleep is an utterly bone-chilling, skillfully acted, tension filled masterpiece that serves as an incredible sequel to The Shining.	November 10, 2019
Rubin Safaya	fresh	Cinemalogue	Flanagan's return to the Overlook proffers a different kind of technical restoration, rescuing King's creation from the abandoned hotel in Kubrick's head.	November 10, 2019
Andrea Chase	fresh	Killer Movie Reviews	Flanagan has devised a seamless reconciliation that is true to both the previous film and novel on which it was loosely based. In fact, he's turned several of the problems into virtues, while making a film that has true horror.	November 10, 2019
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	... this Shining sequel understands and reworks continuity to elevate both films to the level of the novels' intentions while wallowing in the ghost porn and supernatural elements horror fans crave.	November 10, 2019
Matt Oakes	fresh	Silver Screen Riot	Doctor Sleep is comfortable philosophizing on the nature of loss and moving on and has perhaps one of the most authentic, meaningful, and assured depictions of that process in any horror film I can think of.	November 10, 2019
Richard Bonaduce	fresh	KTSU-TV (Salt Lake City, UT)	A solid continuance of young Danny Torrance and others who similarly "shine," the Overlook Hotel itself, and of the evil we visit upon each other.	November 10, 2019
Bill Watters	fresh	Aggressive Comix	Doctor Sleep succeeds in not trying to improve on its predecessor and instead stands as something different. Best described Doctor Sleep is the Aliens to The Shining's Alien.	November 10, 2019
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Steering clear of clichs, Doctor Sleep will keep you interested and keep you thinking.	November 10, 2019
Kimberly Pierce	fresh	Geek Girl Authority	Doctor Sleep captures some great... moments, which should make this an entertaining watch for fans of the Kubrick film, and likely for King fans as well.	November 10, 2019
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	Doctor Sleep has a great, eerie atmosphere that nicely accentuates the story's themes.	November 9, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Just know that your heart might be recruited to pound right along with an effectively simple score from the Newton Brothers.	November 9, 2019
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Doctor Sleep is far better than it has any right to be.	November 9, 2019
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	It manages to be more emotional than The Shining (something that picture never intended to be) while keeping Kubrick's perfect aesthetic rigidity. [Full review in Portuguese]	November 9, 2019
Rob Vaux	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	Even if you just want a solid spook story, it's still more than worthy of its lofty pedigree.	November 9, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	There is some lovely camerawork at play - one scene gives new meaning to the phrase "dropping in on someone" - and an oddity not often seen in horror films, where the scary evil entities must face their own demons.	November 9, 2019
Staci Layne Wilson	fresh	Red River Horror	Flanagan is truer to King than Kubrick here-he's more interested in building human arcs than he is the architecture of evil-but there are enough nods to the iconic version of The Shining to please even the hardest of diehards.	November 9, 2019
Benjamn Harguindey	rotten	EscribiendoCine	The film is divided schizophrenically between telling a self-sufficient story and cannibalizing the original film. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 9, 2019
Javier Perez	rotten	Cine Premiere	Despite some quite well executed moments, Doctor Sleep lengthens unnecessarily because Flanagan fails to combine the elements from the 80's film with the new ones. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 9, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	rotten	L.A. Biz	Doctor Sleep attempts to bridge the opposing visions of the events that transpired at the Overlook Hotel to varying degrees of success.	November 9, 2019
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	...a movie that will attract interest of fans of the novels or the earlier movie but falls short of its epic intentions.	November 9, 2019
Matthew Rozsa	fresh	Salon.com	"Doctor Sleep" feels like the logical continuation to Stanley Kubrick's adaptation of "The Shining."	November 8, 2019
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	This is like a very long episode of Hill House had a baby with Gerald's Game... and that baby can astral project.	November 8, 2019
Sean P. Means	rotten	The Movie Cricket	Flanagan tries to serve two masters in "Doctor Sleep," to make a movie that's both a worthy successor to Kubrick's "The Shining" and a faithful adaptation of King's books.... [but] Flanagan can't square them.	November 8, 2019
Barry Hertz	rotten	Globe and Mail	Whichever route you prefer to take to the Overlook Hotel, there are better directions available than those prescribed by Doctor Sleep.	November 8, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	This film does not back down being recognized as a follow-up to Stanley Kubrick's masterful work from 1980. But rather than try to out-do Kubrick, Flanaghan harkens back using the same Outlook setting	November 8, 2019
Amy Nicholson	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	I think what I respected the most about Doctor Sleep is that it does feel like it's trying to be its own film for as long as it can.	November 8, 2019
Tim Cogshell	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	I found it rather satisfying... Carl Lumbly channeling the wonderful Scatman Crothers? He's just so good.	November 8, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	Common Sense Media	While it could never compare to Stanley Kubrick's original, this sequel is a leisurely, likable mix of character development and effective scares, though it's marred by intense violence toward kids.	November 8, 2019
Matt Donato	rotten	We Got This Covered	Doctor Sleep is a conflicted and unwieldy sequel attempting to unite worlds (King and Kubrick) while telling an original story from yet another filmmaker's viewpoint (Flanagan) that never blends together.	November 8, 2019
Kyle Smith	fresh	National Review	Let's not hold [writer-director Mike Flanagan] to the Kubrick standard. The new film isn't a masterpiece. So what? It's a well-executed suspenser that radiates spooky unease.	November 8, 2019
James Verniere	rotten	Boston Herald	Stephen King cannibalizes self. Flanagan cannibalizes Kubrick.	November 8, 2019
Charles Bramesco	rotten	Polygon	Flanagan chose to make Doctor Sleep utterly banal. Through means straightforward and blunt, he's turned a surreal simulation of succumbing to insanity into a plainly stated reminder to always be true to yourself.	November 8, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	This sleight of hand by Flanagan is so impressive that any students of how to make books into films and/or how to do sequels ought to see Doctor Sleep just to take notes.	November 8, 2019
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	The event of the season for horror enthusiasts and one of this year's most imaginative films of any genre. The deeper into it we go, the more unsettling it becomes.	November 8, 2019
Sarah Marrs	fresh	Lainey Gossip	Doctor Sleep loses some traction at the end, but the performances keep it going.	November 8, 2019
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	An itch to play a few too many of the greatest hits softens the impact of the ride. But make no mistake: "Doctor Sleep" shines.	November 8, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	fresh	Shakefire	Doctor Sleep is a terrifying addition to the franchise that wonderfully pays tribute to both the novel and Kubrick's adaptation.	November 8, 2019
Stephen Garrett	rotten	Book & Film Globe	Only. Kubrick. Can. Make. Kubrick. Films. Can we all just agree on that?	November 8, 2019
Ryan Syrek	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	King's attempt to reclaim the Shining necessitated a film adaptation, which is why Doctor Sleep is more obsessed with repossessing the most well-known horror iconography of all time than with introducing anything new, other than the world's stupidest hat.	November 8, 2019
Nate Adams	fresh	The Only Critic	Both inventive and thrilling, "Doctor Sleep" is a terrific sequel to the iconic story "The Shining" and represents a welcome and earned trip back to the Overlook.	November 8, 2019
Greg Maki	rotten	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	Beholden to two sources, "Doctor Sleep" ultimately fails to satisfy either one.	November 8, 2019
Michael O'Sullivan	rotten	Washington Post	Part homage to Kubrick's moody atmospherics, and part hyper-literal superhero story, "Doctor Sleep" is stylish, engrossing, at times frustratingly illogical and, ultimately less than profoundly unsettling.	November 8, 2019
John Wenzel	fresh	Denver Post	From the opening shots and synth notes to a spectacularly chilling closing scene, Doctor Sleep makes a convincing case for its own greatness.	November 8, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	Fans of The Shining and horror audiences who are patient enough to endure the slow setup will appreciate this tale, whose highlights are fleshed out villains and nostalgia.	November 8, 2019
Tom Russo	rotten	Boston Globe	The push to echo Kubrick works well in the limited early dose we're given, but ultimately the movie takes it too far.	November 8, 2019
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	A beautifully done Stephen King adaptation anchored by a terrific cast.	November 8, 2019
Kiko Martinez	fresh	San Antonio Current	Once the technical aspects of the story unravel, Doctor Sleep becomes thoughtful and fresh, even when it awakens familiar beasts.	November 8, 2019
Aaron Escobar	fresh	Geeks of Color	Ultimately, [Mike] Flanagan delivers a fresh, fun and scary new chapter of The Shining mythos.	November 8, 2019
Matthew Razak	fresh	Flixist.com	Everything in the last 15 minutes reminds you that this isn't The Shining and it's too bad it had to be that way. Without that reminder the film stands on its own quite well; with it the movie seems less than.	November 8, 2019
Evan Dossey	rotten	Midwest Film Journal	Doctor Sleep fails to establish its own identity - it may well put you to sleep.	November 8, 2019
Rain Jokinen	fresh	MullingMovies.com	The trip back to the haunted Overlook, while certainly fun, in a pandering-to-the-fans kind of way, is just a Halloween attraction compared to the knowledge that you might grow up to be exactly like the person you most loved, feared, and hated.	November 8, 2019
Carmen Paddock	fresh	One Room With A View	It will never reach the original's iconic status, but its maturity, assuredness, and stellar performances are worth celebrating.	November 8, 2019
Piers Marchant	rotten	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	[Steven King] might not ever appreciate that his personal redemption story was turned into something so deeply pitiless and provocative, but as this new film inadvertently further proves, there's only one masterpiece here, and it certainly isn't his.	November 8, 2019
Jared Mobarak	fresh	Jaredmobarak.com	That starkly dangerous tone is probably Doctor Sleep's best attribute because it refuses to forget the futility we felt while watching The Shining.	November 8, 2019
Sean Burns	rotten	The ARTery	A doggedly prosaic sequel to a movie that defies understanding.	November 8, 2019
Dominic Corry	fresh	New Zealand Herald	Although this does enough on its own to warrant interest, it will also satisfy those hankering to return to the Overlook Hotel.	November 8, 2019
Rafael Rosales Santos	fresh	Konexin	[Doctor Sleep] takes its time to give us a new and interesting story with fascinating characters. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 8, 2019
David Sims	rotten	The Atlantic	Doctor Sleep is wonderfully reverent when it comes to Kubrick's film, but that means it can't escape The Shining's shadow, no matter how much King might have wanted it to.	November 8, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	fresh	En Filme	Even though it keeps Kubrick in its DNA, Doctor Sleep is its own and new nightmare focused on Danny's healing journey. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 8, 2019
Oscar Goff	rotten	Boston Hassle	Perhaps because of the adaptation's Frankensteined origins, that mindbending final act doesn't have a whole lot in common with the two hours (!) that precede it.	November 8, 2019
Robert Denerstein	rotten	Denerstein Unleashed	More muddled than the usual King offering, Doctor Sleep can at times seem ridiculous as it groans under the weight of having to connect with its predecessor.	November 8, 2019
Chris Sawin	fresh	Bounding Into Comics	Doctor Sleep is a one-of-a-kind sequel that is so good it makes the original film better. It may be slow-moving, but its meticulous storytelling flourishes because of it.	November 8, 2019
Johnny Gayzmonic	fresh	Fanboys of the Universe	Captivating, confident, and insidiously creepy, it's the film we didn't know we wanted all these years later.	November 8, 2019
Wendy Shreve	fresh	Featuring Film	Human connections, heartbreaks drive Doctor Sleep.	November 8, 2019
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	fresh	Film Festival Today	I came in with zero expectations, and had a decent time. If it didn't quite shine, it also didn't put me to sleep. Sometimes that's all we need.	November 8, 2019
Anthony Lane	fresh	New Yorker	I only wish that Rose had been around when Jack Torrance was on the rampage. What a lovely couple they'd have made.	November 8, 2019
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	While not the masterpiece that is the original film, this one is well made, features good scares and features an imaginative continuation of the story. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)	November 8, 2019
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	There is a great movie inside Doctor Sleep somewhere, but just like the decency inside Danny Torrance's heart, it perhaps needed to be coaxed out.	November 8, 2019
Phil Villarreal	fresh	ABC Tucson	This is a film that will stick with you in your waking and sleeping moments alike.	November 8, 2019
Matthew Dougherty	fresh	The Filtered Lens	As a complete package, it's largely inoffensive.	November 8, 2019
Tom Santilli	fresh	Movie Show Plus	...deliciously entertaining.	November 8, 2019
CJ Johnson	fresh	Film Mafia	Staggeringly respectful, both of Kubrick's film and Stephen King's 2013 novel, and, for the Shining fan, great fun ... all credit to Flanagan and all involved, it's highly entertaining, which certainly makes it one of the strange surprises of 2019.	November 8, 2019
Bob Bloom	rotten	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	'Doctor Sleep' is an aptly named title for this snoozer adaptation of Stephen King's novel. The movie is too long and very dull, mostly moving at a sleepwalker's pace.	November 8, 2019
Sean Collier	fresh	Pittsburgh Magazine	For a few moments, Doctor Sleep captures the magic it's so hungry for.	November 8, 2019
Steve Katz	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	Doctor Sleep has its ups and downs, but you can't deny its ambition. The way to make a sequel to The Shining is to go whole hog, and that's certainly the approach Flanagan takes.	November 8, 2019
Luke Parker	fresh	Dr. Filmlove's Film Reviews and Ratings	[Doctor Sleep's] biggest fault in entering an arena of bickering and strong-minded visions is that it only offers a few of its own.	November 8, 2019
Steven Prokopy	fresh	Third Coast Review	Doctor Sleep is one of the few horror films this year that I immediately wanted to see again.	November 8, 2019
Emily Tannenbaum	fresh	Cosmopolitan	Let me tell you, I was not disappointed.	November 8, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	It's pretty good, and I went in thinking it would be pretty bad...an episodic, psychological journey made by someone who has a good deal of respect for the original film and text.	November 8, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	A tip of the REDRUM to Doctor Sleep and to Ewan McGregor's memorable performance for giving us the opportunity to catch up with Danny Torrance in a most satisfying manner.	November 7, 2019
Neil Soans	fresh	The Times of India	This reflective horror flick isn't for everyone, but if you enjoyed the original, you'd undoubtedly find this to be a worthy successor.	November 7, 2019
Scott Tobias	rotten	NPR	Like poor Danny, the film cannot escape its ghosts.	November 7, 2019
Randy Cordova	fresh	Arizona Republic	For all its missteps, including a comic-book tone at times, the film's humanity continually pulls you in.	November 7, 2019
Erick Estrada	rotten	Cinegarage	We deserved something a little more developed, something a little less raw. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 7, 2019
Robert Horton	fresh	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	This movie has a good eye for people.	November 7, 2019
Mario Alegre	fresh	Prxima Tanda	It's hard to pinpoint where the homage ends and the blatant imitation begins, but it's hard to blame the director for being so fixated on Kubrick's classic, and he comes up with some memorable images of his own. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 7, 2019
Matt Goldberg	fresh	Collider	Mike Flanagan's adaptation of 'The Shining' sequel is pretty fun even if it seems uncomfortable with the deeper emotions at the heart of the story.	November 7, 2019
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	During the third act of Doctor Sleep, in which the present and the past meet ... Flanagan pulls off the film's most impressive trick.	November 7, 2019
Johnny Oleksinski	fresh	New York Post	When it confidently hits its stride near the middle, "Doctor Sleep" is gripping.	November 7, 2019
Jason Bailey	rotten	Flavorwire	Flanagan attempts to make both a faithful adaptation of King's new book and a direct descendant of Kubrick's film. But the two works are fundamentally incompatible, and in trying to accomplish both feats, 'Doctor Sleep' does neither one successfully.	November 7, 2019
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	The sequel to Stanley Kubrick's 'The Shining' relies way too much on borrowed inspiration and eventually runs out of steam. But this flawed hybrid of Kubrick and Stephen King still has the stuff to keep you up nights.	November 7, 2019
Orlando Maldonado	fresh	Movie Network	Works best when it's not too derivative of one of the greatest horror movies ever made. [Full review in Spanish]	November 7, 2019
Brian Lowry	rotten	CNN.com	When a film with so much going for it -- from the first-rate cast to the meaty premise -- basically unravels and loses steam, it's a reminder that the challenge of wrestling one of King's epic books into a genuinely satisfying movie can be, well, redrum.	November 7, 2019
Richard von Busack	fresh	Pacific Sun (San Rafael, CA)	Flanagan hardly needed to revisit this familiar house of horrors when the story he's telling was already a highly satisfactory horror movie: a bonbon for those of us who haunt theaters and suck up other people's suffering.	November 7, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	Flanagan's 'Doctor Sleep' is to Kubrick's 'The Shining' as Peter Hyams's '2010' was to '2001'-an unnecessary, misguided sequel.	November 7, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	rotten	Herald Sun (Australia)	When paying homage to (or just as often, blatantly copying from) The Shining, Doctor Sleep does cast a faintly affecting spell. The rest, however, emits a faintly worrying smell.	November 7, 2019
Angelica Jade Bastin	fresh	New York Magazine/Vulture	Doctor Sleep could probably never fully stand on its own, and perhaps it's not meant to. It's a horror film with messy pleasures if you're able to meet it on its own level.	November 7, 2019
Chris Hewitt	fresh	Minneapolis Star Tribune	It's usually hard to quantify the quality of a movie, but in the case of "Doctor Sleep," it's easy: Precisely two-thirds of it is good.	November 7, 2019
Rosie Fletcher	fresh	Den of Geek	This is a meaty, good looking and affecting genre pic, with the heart of King and the spirit of Kubrick, you won't want to Overlook.	November 7, 2019
Jim Slotek	rotten	Original Cin	Any argument that mainstream moviemaking has fundamentally changed should include the fact that a sequel to The Shining has come out that is about good guys with super powers repelling an attack by bad guys with super powers.	November 7, 2019
Brent Hankins	fresh	The Lamplight Review	The film shouldn't work nearly as well as it does, and it's almost baffling how neatly it all comes together. It's a cinematic magic trick of sorts, and Flanagan pulls it off with the confidence of someone performing an illusion for the thousandth time.	November 7, 2019
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	Love 'The Shining?' You may be intrigued by the sequel, Doctor Sleep, until you realize just how inferior it is.	November 7, 2019
Richard Whittaker	fresh	Austin Chronicle	In honoring both [Stanley] Kubrick and [Stephen] King, [Mike] Flanagan's greatest achievement is not being swallowed by the Overlook's shadow.	November 7, 2019
Peter Howell	rotten	Toronto Star	It just leaves you starving for something better.	November 7, 2019
Brian Tallerico	fresh	RogerEbert.com	And while one can sometimes feel Flanagan struggling to satisfy both King and Kubrick fans when he really should be trusting his own vision, he's talented enough to pull off this difficult blend of legacies.	November 7, 2019
Jake Coyle	rotten	Associated Press	It's a frightfully regular approach to moviemaking today that should, at the very least, have the sense not to mess with Kubrick. All sequels and no originals make us all dull boys.	November 7, 2019
Javier Porta Fouz	rotten	La Nacin (Argentina)	Doctor Sleep is an anemic story with a series format. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 7, 2019
Robert Daniels	fresh	812filmreviews	Mike Flanagan's Doctor Sleep: the eponymous Stephen King written sequel to The Shining, radiates as a singular vision when Flanagan follows his style, yet dims in a disjointed third act...	November 7, 2019
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	In adapting Stephen King's "The Shining" sequel, writer/director Mike Flanagan has pulled off the rarity of creating a film which bests its source material. Far better than either chapter of "It," "Doctor Sleep" isn't perfect...	November 7, 2019
Brian Roan	fresh	The Film Stage	For those who can accept that departure, Doctor Sleep offers a shockingly nuanced and human story of social longing, spiritual rehabilitation, and existential redemption.	November 7, 2019
Hope Madden	fresh	Columbus Underground	It's no masterpiece, but check in and you'll find a satisfying, generally spooky time.	November 7, 2019
Preston Barta	fresh	Denton Record-Chronicle	There are elements about it that will leave you feeling conflicted. Still, the emotional arc and the balancing act Flanagan pulls off between the physical and metaphysical world is an astonishing feat.	November 7, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	Flanagan manages to deliver a highly enjoyable, solid sequel to The Shining story, by paying tribute to King's material and Kubrick's vision. [Full review in Spanish]	November 7, 2019
Sheraz Farooqi	fresh	ComicBook Debate	Doctor Sleep is the perfect combination of Kubrick and King as it honors the source material while pushing the legacy of the world forward. Simply the best horror film of the year.	November 7, 2019
Andrew Wyatt	fresh	The Lens	A superb and surprisingly brutal 120-minute horror-thriller about people with psychic abilities... with a hokey 30-minute The Shining fan film grafted onto it.	November 7, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	[An] excellent, immersive sequel...Doctor Sleep brandishes both the distinctive sting of Stephen King and echoes of Stanley Kubrick to deliver an unnerving spookfest...When the horror hits, it hits hard and it hits deep.	November 7, 2019
Sam Adams	rotten	Slate	[Flanagan's] become a horror director who gives in to happy endings, who wants to slam the lid shut and assure us that the ghosts are gone for good.	November 7, 2019
Dan Murrell	fresh	Screen Junkies	The best of Kubrick and the best of King now exist together as a direct sequel - one leads directly into the other. A great hybrid of both.	November 6, 2019
A.O. Scott	rotten	New York Times	This screen adaptation feels like a clumsy hybrid.	November 6, 2019
Tim Stevens	fresh	Comicsverse	Before it spins out in its final third, SLEEP, powered by Ferguson and Curran especially, proves a compelling vision of the literal and metaphorical threats to childhood that walk amongst us. When Flanagan aims to disturb and unnerve, he delivers.	November 6, 2019
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	Ewan McGregor exhibits all the strangeness that adult Danny fits in this film that seems better if seen and understood as a tribute to The Shining. [Full review in Spanish]	November 6, 2019
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Although Doctor Sleep is flawed, it's arguably the best of a surprisingly strong group of movies that prove King's enduring popularity as he enters his sixth decade as a professional writer.	November 6, 2019
Courtney Howard	fresh	Fresh Fiction	Flanagan's hallucinogenic horrorscape artfully channels Stephen King's waking nightmares and familial trauma.	November 6, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	This adaptation of horror master King's 2013 novel of the same name seems reluctant to create genuine, sustained scares.	November 6, 2019
Rob Dean	fresh	Daily Grindhouse	Flanagan's DOCTOR SLEEP is a rich and engrossing film with strong character work, impressive world-building, and enough memorable moments that maybe it too will be able to etch out a legacy of its own.	November 6, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	rotten	Stuff.co.nz	All you'll finish up with is a film which leaves out essential events and context, while still being far too long.	November 6, 2019
Clint Worthington	rotten	The Spool	Flanagan's... reach extends further than his grasp, resulting in a piece of messy Stanley Kubrick collage art.	November 6, 2019
G. Allen Johnson	rotten	San Francisco Chronicle	Nearly 40 years later, this adaptation of King's 2013 book "Doctor Sleep" doesn't so much tarnish Kubrick as embarrass itself.	November 6, 2019
Tiernan Allen	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Overall, Doctor Sleep is not only a respectable sequel to a classic but is a great movie in its own right.	November 6, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Doctor Sleep is a compelling film worthy of classic Stephen King. Excellent lead performances coupled with director Mike Flanagan's visual style sucks you in utterly.	November 6, 2019
Jake Wilson	rotten	The Age (Australia)	With Doctor Sleep, no room is left to doubt that the good characters merit sympathy and the bad ones deserve to suffer. That would be fine in a fairytale, if it were short and sweet enough, but it seems a meagre vision for two and a half hours.	November 6, 2019
MaryAnn Johanson	fresh	Flick Filosopher	A wonderfully unexpected sort of horror movie, beautiful and delicate, but unsettling, too, with an authentic plausibility to the dichotomy between the invented uncanny and the human response to it.	November 6, 2019
Roger Moore	fresh	Movie Nation	Once it (finally) gets going, it has us going, too.	November 6, 2019
James Mottram	fresh	South China Morning Post	There's something hypnotic about spending another two-and-a-half hours in this world.	November 6, 2019
Grace Randolph	rotten	Beyond the Trailer	More King than Kubrick. The acting is quite good, but it's really 2 movies in 1. Only about 20 min at the Overlook Hotel, and the big child murder scene is in poor taste.	November 5, 2019
Kate Gardner	fresh	The Mary Sue	Strikingly shot, and with an emotional throughline that keeps the film grounded even amidst the fantasy element, it truly cements Flanagan as one of the most exciting filmmakers working in horror today.	November 5, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	Seattle Times	"Doctor Sleep" is a monumental achievement of tension, suspense, forgiveness and sacrifice I'm not soon to forget.	November 5, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	fresh	Chilango.com	Flanagan develops the story in a way that keeps you interested from beginning to end and makes a good impression. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 5, 2019
Jos Martn	fresh	El antepenltimo mohicano	[Flanagan] is capable of carrying on his shoulders the weight of a masterpiece like its predecessor and to offer new avenues, as fascinating as they are terrifying. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 5, 2019
Sandy Schaefer	fresh	ScreenRant	Although it has trouble reconciling the differences between King and Kubrick's The Shining, Doctor Sleep is an affecting horror drama on its own.	November 5, 2019
Kristen Lopez	fresh	FanSided	[Doctor Sleep] is one of the year's best features.	November 5, 2019
Rafer Guzman	rotten	Newsday	"Doctor Sleep" should have let "The Shining" rest in peace.	November 5, 2019
Caffeinated Clint	fresh	Moviehole	Atmospheric, grandiose and welcomingly creepy... a shining example of a sequel done right.	November 5, 2019
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Ewan MacGregor and Rebecca Ferguson 'shine' but this Stephen King sequel is a mixed bag, despite a dazzling re-creation of the Overlook Hotel.	November 5, 2019
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	For all the fresh originality of the first half, why do we have to retread Kubrick's film again? Leashing the film adaptation so closely to Kubrick's film is a missed opportunity for this story to realize the full mystical potential promised.	November 5, 2019
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	There's a lot to love in this sequel to The Shining , but it lives in the shadow of the original.	November 5, 2019
Alyse Wax	fresh	Dread Central	A chilling and effective return to the Overlook Hotel	November 5, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	The story is more suited to a gritty, introspective approach, so the blockbuster elements feel a bit flimsy. And some Kubrickian touches feel like a stretch. But the bold tone builds real tension, especially in some downright brutal moments.	November 4, 2019
Daniel Goodwin	fresh	Starburst	Doctor Sleep deserves to be canon, for Flanagan's film is freaky, unique, creepy and captivating as both a standalone horror and heart-felt hat tip to Kubrick and King.	November 4, 2019
Lena Wilson	rotten	The Playlist	Doctor Sleep is a mediocre, soulless film that attempts to pay homage to Kubrick's The Shining while weaving in King's most bizarre monster lore.	November 4, 2019
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	The irony being that a dead filmmaker has managed to linger and control the living from the grave. On the other hand, King's next novel just wrote itself.	November 4, 2019
Peter Gray	fresh	Brisbanista	It's a strong adaptation, one that beautifully brings to life one of King's most interesting villains, and as an ambitious sequel, it's far stronger than it has any right to be.	November 4, 2019
Aaron Peterson	rotten	The Hollywood Outsider	An intriguing story suffers from a nostalgic identity crisis, though is ultimately salvaged by an enigmatic and captivating performance from Rebecca Ferguson.	November 4, 2019
Fausto Fernandez	fresh	Fotogramas	Mike Flanagan has made the film Stephen King wanted in 1980, and the Doctor Sleep that Kubrick would have made in 2019. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 4, 2019
Alberto Corona	fresh	Sensacine	Rebeca Ferguson is the face of everything that makes this adaptation great. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 4, 2019
Mikel Zorrilla	fresh	Espinof	This inheritance is probably what limits the film to reach higher levels, but it is still a most stimulating proposal with which Flanagan is confirmed as one of the most interesting authors of horror cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 4, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	Mike Flanagan reconciles King and Kubrick and cements himself as one of the biggest names in horror today with Doctor Sleep. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 4, 2019
Javier Ocaa	rotten	El Pais (Spain)	There are only 20 minutes in the whole film where Flanagan gets even remotely close to the subtexts of the book and the original film. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 4, 2019
Matthew Bond	rotten	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	So while Doctor Sleep has an undeniable watchability, it also has an impact that it hasn't really earned.	November 3, 2019
Hilary A White	rotten	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	Doctor Sleep seems at pains to explain every how and what of its supernatural caper, so that by the time we're zooming back over that same lake and mountain road, you feel like you've just been led on an elaborate scenic route to "Here's Johnny!".	November 3, 2019
Paul Whitington	rotten	Irish Independent	It could have been a lot better - it should have been an hour shorter.	November 3, 2019
Edward Porter	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	It's pretty much a horror version of a superhero film.	November 3, 2019
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	By the time the nude old lady from The Shining appears on the fourth and final occasion in this earnest, uneven and hopelessly derivative sequel, you'll want get her a towel, a cuppa and a pair of slippers.	November 3, 2019
Brian Viner	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	That it works so well is partly testament to Flanagan's skills as a horror director, but also to Ferguson, who is out-and-out wonderful, rarely needing to contort her lovely face, in fact somehow using her beauty itself to exude evil.	November 3, 2019
A.A. Dowd	rotten	AV Club	Compounding the already considerable disconnect between King's two stories, Doctor Sleep can't always seem to decide if it wants to be its own thing or a kind of throwback fetish object, a tribute to the cult of Kubrick.	November 3, 2019
David Sexton	fresh	London Evening Standard	For the most part, the adaptation and abbreviation from the book is smart and deft.	November 3, 2019
Simran Hans	fresh	Observer (UK)	The new material is fresher and considerably more fun.	November 3, 2019
Kate Snchez	fresh	But Why Tho? A Geek Community	By continuing the legacy of one of the most iconic and popular pieces of the horror canon, [Doctor Sleep] also manages to stands on its own.	November 2, 2019
Kat Hughes	fresh	THN	A modern King triumph that not only stands up to what has gone before, but builds upon it too. Doctor Sleep is a very different movie to The Shining, but has enough of its predecessor's DNA rooted within to make it a worthy sequel.	November 2, 2019
David Fontana	fresh	Film Inquiry	Doctor Sleep may not be the most satisfying conclusion to both the book and film version of The Shining, yet it is still an engaging film in its own right.	November 2, 2019
Kirsten Acuna	rotten	Insider	Is "Doctor Sleep" as good as or better than "The Shining"? Definitely not. The scariest moments (which aren't that scary) have all been seen before.	November 1, 2019
Nick Hasted	fresh	The Arts Desk	Flanagan offers a humane horror Kubrick was indifferent to.	November 1, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	In spite of this, Doctor Sleep is a solid, entertaining follow-up to one of the scariest ever films.	November 1, 2019
Clarisse Loughrey	rotten	Independent (UK)	Doctor Sleep is too busy being tossed between the triadic worlds of Kubrick, King, and Flanagan.	November 1, 2019
Matthew Turner	fresh	Hero Collector	An immensely satisfying story that stands as a worthy sequel to both Kubrick's film and King's original novel.	November 1, 2019
Rich Phippen	fresh	HeyUGuys	It turns out Hollywood found a way after all. A horror masterpiece from Mike Flanagan.	November 1, 2019
Doug Jamieson	fresh	The Jam Report	While 'Doctor Sleep' paves its own unique but muddled path to mixed results, there's enough fan service and nostalgic references to make fanboys of its predecessor wildly happy.	November 1, 2019
Sinead Brennan	rotten	RT (Ireland)	You won't want to play with it forever, and with the inflated run time, it might feel as though you are.	November 1, 2019
Pat Brown	rotten	Slant Magazine	Like a traumatized psyche, it remains uncomfortably stuck in the past, replaying familiar events in an effort to empty them of terror.	October 31, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	Doctor Sleep dares to directly compare itself to The Shining and comes out unscathed as it aptly buries the hatchet between King and Kubrick.	October 31, 2019
Michael Roffman	fresh	Consequence of Sound	Doctor Sleep is a peace flag between two iconic properties, a bridge between two disparate articles of pop culture, and it's affecting, riveting, and downright awe-inspiring.	October 31, 2019
Britt Hayes	rotten	Birth.Movies.Death.	Although his efforts are admirable and often impressive, the end result...is, perhaps unavoidably, somewhat tepid.	October 31, 2019
Jasper Rees	rotten	The Spectator	It's all a bit Scooby Doo with better CGI.	October 31, 2019
Nicholas Barber	fresh	BBC.com	Credible in its characterisation, rich in mythological detail, and touchingly sincere in its treatment of alcoholism and trauma, the film is impressive in all sorts of ways.	October 31, 2019
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	Doctor Sleep blends fan service with chills and substance	October 31, 2019
Olly Richards	fresh	GQ Magazine [UK]	At no point does Doctor Sleep shame the legacy of The Shining. It's an interesting, if mostly conventional, continuation of the story. It only feels distantly related, though.	October 31, 2019
Brandon Zachary	fresh	CBR	Doctor Sleep is more interested in the lingering pain, and whether it's possible to come back from such trauma. In doing so, it steps out from the long shadow of the 1980 film, and becomes something great in its own right.	October 31, 2019
Yago Garca	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	[Director Mike] Flanagan's talent... fits the It author's imagination like a glove. [Full review in Spanish]	October 31, 2019
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	Masters a creative tightrope walk, managing to play with "The Shining" in inventive ways while remaining a King-inspired ride of macabre events and tortured minds.	October 31, 2019
Jonathan Hatfull	fresh	SciFiNow	The occasional lapse in dialogue and unnecessary lull aside, this is a strong adaptation. It's scary and affecting and it brings one of King's best modern villains to life beautifully.	October 31, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	Ingenious storytelling. A tantalizing blend of Kubrick and King.	October 31, 2019
Peter Canavese	fresh	Groucho Reviews	In some ways, Doctor Sleep has to feel like a pop cultural footnote, but that's not fair to what's a ripping yarn in its own right.	October 31, 2019
Jamie Graham	fresh	Total Film	Don't overlook this spiritual sequel to The Shining. But don't expect it get close to Kubrick's original, either.	October 31, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Even at two and a half hours, there's a lot of enjoyably spooky entertainment to get out of Doctor Sleep.	October 31, 2019
Shannon McGrew	fresh	Nightmarish Conjurings	[T]akes King's original work, meshes it with the stylized visuals of Stanley Kubrick's film, while also putting Flanagan's special touch on it, making Doctor Sleep this year's best King adaptation.	October 30, 2019
Anthony O'Connor	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	For even casual fans of The Shining (book or movie), or quality horror in general, this is absolutely one you won't want to Overlook.	October 30, 2019
Heather Wixson	fresh	Daily Dead	With Doctor Sleep, Flanagan has assuredly crafted a compelling, heartfelt, and horrifying tale of redemption, trauma, and embracing your own sense of power, all while celebrating the works of Kubrick, King, and his own career as well.	October 30, 2019
Nigel Andrews	rotten	Financial Times	It's not a good verdict on a brand new Stephen King-based horror movie that the only real fun we have is in re-experiencing bits from its 40-year-old predecessor.	October 30, 2019
Sarah Musnicky	fresh	VitalThrills.com	While Doctor Sleep itself is a pleasant surprise, the heart of the film is found in Kyliegh Curran's Abra and Rebecca Ferguson's Rose the Hat.	October 30, 2019
Don Kaye	fresh	Den of Geek	Ferguson's Rose can steal the picture every time she's on screen, as she is one of the most complex villains ever put in a genre movie.	October 30, 2019
Nestor Bentancor	fresh	Nestor Cine Desde Hollywood	An atmospheric and thrilling dark fantasy that sinks the audience into its rich, and dangerous world. [Full review in Spanish]	October 30, 2019
Brandon Davis	fresh	ComicBook.com	Fans of The Shining are going to appreciate Doctor Sleep more than anyone else, especially as the film's third act arrives in the remains of the Overlook Hotel and is loaded with Easter eggs and callbacks.	October 30, 2019
Edward Douglas	fresh	The Beat	[Some] might watch the movie wondering why one would make a sequel to one of the scariest movies of all time and not make it scarier.	October 30, 2019
Jenny Desborough	rotten	Daily Express (UK)	Eventually even the biggest Stephen King fans may find themselves checking their watch and worrying about whether they can make it to the Overlook without a loo break.	October 30, 2019
Michael Gingold	fresh	Rue Morgue Magazine	A worthy screen follow-up to Stanley Kubrick's THE SHINING that also stands on its own as one of the very best King movies ever made.	October 30, 2019
Robert Abele	rotten	TheWrap	A flat Frankenstein of a fright flick that stops and starts with frustrating regularity as it tries to memorialize the horror maestro's newer story elements while tipping a filmic hat to what the late cinema god etched into our brains.	October 30, 2019
Katherine McLaughlin	fresh	The List	There is ample beauty and terror in this faithful and epic adaptation of Stephen King's 2013 follow-up...	October 30, 2019
Anton Bitel	fresh	Little White Lies	It's no The Shining, but maybe that is just another way of saying that it is something different.	October 30, 2019
Darren Franich	rotten	Entertainment Weekly	Doctor Sleep aims for redemption - it's Feel-Good Horror - but the scary hotel is just a scary hotel now. And not even so scary, when you've seen it all before.	October 30, 2019
Alistair Harkness	rotten	Scotsman	It's just a shame that what unfurls isn't tense enough, perverse enough or mysterious enough to transcend its fan servicing tendencies.	October 30, 2019
Donald Clarke	fresh	Irish Times	One of the film's messages is that there's no escaping your past. An odd, odd project, but not unenjoyable.	October 30, 2019
Tim Grierson	fresh	Screen International	This somber, often absorbing follow-up to "The Shining" only occasionally mines the rich thematic terrain at the story's core. It's a just-good-enough sequel that doesn't entirely live up to its potential.	October 30, 2019
William Bibbiani	fresh	Bloody Disgusting	It's a worthy successor to The Shining, and as if that weren't enough, it's also a complex work of thoughtful film criticism.	October 30, 2019
Tim Robey	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	Flanagan's real coup is taking us on an imaginative ride, making head-spinning sallies through space, and not feeling cramped by a single source of inspiration but embracing the lot.	October 30, 2019
Deirdre Molumby	fresh	entertainment.ie	For the majority, it's a thrilling, riveting watch and an accomplishment given the task that was in it.	October 30, 2019
Justin Chang	fresh	Los Angeles Times	In a way that poignantly echoes the plight of young Danny himself, the new movie sometimes brings to mind a child caught between two quarreling parents, and attempting to stage a reconciliation.	October 30, 2019
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	It's nothing to go channeling your inner Jack Nicholson and chopping through doors. But Flanagan's "Doctor Sleep" respects both King's and Kubrick's visions while letting a rising horror master go his own way, too.	October 30, 2019
Peter Bradshaw	rotten	Guardian	Despite some big moments, this seems cumbersome and unnecessary: a dimming of the original.	October 30, 2019
Linda Marric	rotten	The Jewish Chronicle	Doctor Sleep did just what its title promised. It sent me to sleep.	October 30, 2019
Eric Kohn	rotten	indieWire	"Doctor Sleep" never manages to find the balance its cinematic high-wire act demands.	October 30, 2019
Joshua Rothkopf	rotten	Time Out	You could call it fan service, if the service is to teach fans that mimicking Stanley Kubrick's chilly elegance -- and even reshooting scenes from the original film with lookalike actors, a crime bordering on sacrilege -- doesn't make your take as scary.	October 30, 2019
Tom Jorgensen	fresh	IGN Movies	The scary and powerful Doctor Sleep works best when doing its own thing rather than recreating parts of The Shining.	October 30, 2019
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	hypnotic creepiness with crowd-pleasing gore and violence	October 30, 2019
Fred Topel	fresh	Showbiz Cheat Sheet	The Aliens to The Shining	October 30, 2019
Chris Hewitt (UK)	fresh	Empire Magazine	Anyone expecting a straightforward Shining sequel will be disappointed. This isn't a gruelling exercise in pure horror. It's odder and more contemplative, but worth checking in.	October 30, 2019
Chris Evangelista	fresh	Slashfilm	Many filmmakers have adapted Stephen King, and a large amount of them neglect to zero in on what it is that makes the Master of Horror's work so special: his compassion. Mike Flanagan understands that, and so does Doctor Sleep.	October 30, 2019
Kyle Anderson	fresh	Nerdist	It ends up feeling like a deeply personal story from a filmmaker who's taking his love for literary and cinematic titans and channeling that into his own unique and chilling stamp on the genre.	October 30, 2019
Germain Lussier	fresh	io9.com	Minor knocks aside, Doctor Sleep tells a complex, interesting story, filled with even more dynamic characters, set in a rich world that surprises as much as it strokes your nostalgia.	October 30, 2019
Eric Eisenberg	fresh	CinemaBlend	It's a tremendous achievement, and among the best Stephen King adaptations ever.	October 30, 2019
Owen Gleiberman	fresh	Variety	I found myself lured into a movie that dares to depict evil as something that makes us suck in our breath.	October 30, 2019
Todd McCarthy	fresh	Hollywood Reporter	Just when things threaten to slow to a stall, you can count on Ferguson to roar to the occasion to shake you; when she's around, she's the whole show, threatening, cajoling, erotically boiling when prey is at hand.	October 30, 2019
John Nguyen	fresh	Nerd Reactor	[Stephen King's Doctor Sleep] takes the story into new directions while also paying homage to The Shining.	October 30, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	McGregor always gives a wonderful performance whether he is a song and dance man or if, in this case, he is a tortured and broken man trying to outrun his past.	October 30, 2019
Ian Sandwell	fresh	Digital Spy	Doctor Sleep works as a sequel to the book and movie of The Shining, bringing together the two universes seamlessly. It has its issues, but there's plenty for fans to savour.	October 30, 2019
Matt Singer	fresh	ScreenCrush	Doctor Sleep doesn't simply rehash its source material, and instead uses its characters, setting, and themes in smart and novel ways.	October 30, 2019
Ben Rolph	fresh	Discussing Film	Doctor Sleep is Flanagan's nightmare-inducing and masterfully chilling take on The Shining.	October 29, 2019
Paul McGuire Grimes	fresh	KSTP-TV	A horror masterpiece for the new age. Cannot wait to see what Peele will come up with for his next film.	November 22, 2019
Chris McCoy	fresh	Memphis Flyer	Us roots itself in the subconscious from the get-go, and then weaponizes it against you.	November 22, 2019
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	As far as horror movies go, and they don't go very far, this is one of the good ones. Jordan Peele has once again shown his mastery as a filmmaker, and the actors are excellent in their dual roles.	November 4, 2019
Jeff York	fresh	Creative Screenwriting	Most acclaim must go to [Jordan] Peele though as he once again has created a horror film that manages to be scary, hilarious, as well as socially relevant.	October 21, 2019
Rhys Tarling	fresh	Isolated Nation	There are many joys to be had in this film, particularly the charming domesticity of the family dynamic in the first half. There's a great movie here, but the assembly is haphazard.	September 26, 2019
Jason Di Rosso	fresh	ABC News (Australia)	Peele is one of the most promising directors of the American horror resurgence.	September 25, 2019
Amy Nicholson	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	I love the performances, but I'm just not super sold on the script, to be honest... I'm really ready for [Jordan Peele] to be his own voice now.	September 24, 2019
Mark H. Harris	fresh	Black Horror Movies	Us ostensibly doesn't seem to be about race. Dig a bit deeper, though, and you can see that it's about race as much as the history of America is about race. It's about sexism, xenophobia and homophobia in the same way.	September 17, 2019
Hannah Giorgis	fresh	The Atlantic	A sharp, often funny meditation on the terrifying power of human connection.	September 10, 2019
Kate Rodger	fresh	Newshub (NZ)	The kind of horror that could keep you up nights for the rest of your life.	August 23, 2019
Jay Krieger	fresh	Cultured Vultures	With Us, Peele has solidified himself as one of the most original voices within the horror genre.	August 17, 2019
A.S. Hamrah	rotten	n+1	Peele is haunted by his Reagan-era childhood and its pop-culture debris, which is understandable, but compulsively inserting it into his movie makes Us much less frightening than it could have been.	August 15, 2019
Karl Delossantos	fresh	Smash Cut Reviews	Much of the first act is focused solely on atmosphere and tension, so when the middle third comes around the humor deflates a lot of it. But it mostly works.	July 30, 2019
Molly Stout	fresh	Cosmopolitan	Okay, that twist. Maybe we're gullible, but we didn't see it coming. LOVED it. Kind of brilliant, the whole thing.	July 29, 2019
Rachel West	fresh	That Shelf	Peele's sophomore horror flick brings both the bloodshed and surprising humour to the table, but it never quite reaches the heights of his first feature.	July 24, 2019
Dominic Griffin	fresh	Spectrum Culture	Though not quite as timely or cohesive as his debut, Jordan Peele's Us, the hotly anticipated follow-up to Get Out, is an impressive sophomore effort which expands upon the appeal of his prior film without retracing its steps.	July 17, 2019
Poulomi Das	fresh	Qrius	As Get Out made evident, [Jordan] Peele can be regarded as an attentive filmmaker with the mind of an anthropologist. Us doesn't just further that reputation, but also cements the expansive scope of his ambitions.	July 16, 2019
Sean Chandler	rotten	Sean Chandler Talks About	This film was incredibly frustrating and disappointing for me. In its efforts to try and transcend the horror-thriller genre brought the whole thing down for me. But I know a lot of people loved it.	July 10, 2019
Olive Pometsey	fresh	GQ Magazine [UK]	Jump, laugh, wince, gasp: these are all things that puppeteer [Jordan] Peele will make you do throughout Us.	July 9, 2019
Tyler Smith	rotten	Battleship Pretension	The film plods along, repeating the same beats over and over, until Peele decides somewhat arbitrarily to just get it over with.	July 9, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	Us is certainly one of the smarter horror/thriller movies that have come about in the past several years and Peele knows how to terrify us without gore or crazy jump scares.	July 5, 2019
Shannon McGrew	fresh	Nightmarish Conjurings	The duality between the family and The Tethered is one that is both beautiful and horrifying and one of the strongest aspects of the film.	July 3, 2019
Rob Gonsalves	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	The movie is spooky as hell, dealing hard and fast from a thick deck of symbolist cards, and ultimately Peele offers it as a suggestion to think about what society and prosperity are built on.	July 2, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	A 'close to perfect' piece of modern cinema. Forget racism and social commentary. This is just plain horror. [Full review in Spanish].	July 2, 2019
Joshua Rivera	fresh	GQ	Jordan Peele's Get Out follow-up is a more ambitious, scarier film that you'll want to talk about with everyone.	June 28, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Us has a great concept, and tons of potential. However it falls flat and predictable. Still worth a watch though - but don't expect to be wowed.	June 27, 2019
Andiee Paviour	fresh	Nobody's Reading This But Me	Writer-director-producer Jordan Peele is barely getting started when he turns a 1986 amusement-park outing into a skin-crawling teaser in the opening scene of his latest frightener.	June 23, 2019
Ryan Syrek	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	This is a slow-simmering stew of Kafkaesque terror that climaxes with moments designed to make you reconstruct the whole narrative over again. It'll be received as "not quite as good as Get Out" by idiots like me who will soon realize that we are wrong.	June 18, 2019
Leonardo Garcia Tsao	rotten	La Jornada	Peele's formal expertise has been refined, which suggests that he has been carefully studied those classics he alludes to. However, he needs more discipline to manage his pretensions. [Full Review in Spanish]	June 13, 2019
Kimberly Pierce	fresh	Geek Girl Authority	While the movie is not perfect, the talented cast and crew combine to craft a tightly wound, but completely enjoyable horror film.	June 12, 2019
Sameen Amer	fresh	The News International (Pakistan)	This intense thriller benefits from its interesting ideas, fascinating visuals, and the remarkable acting of its fantastic cast.	June 8, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	fresh	En Filme	A narrative of surrealist political horror whose terrifying effect and mysterious component, remarkably calibrated, accompany the spectator to the last frame - if not beyond. [Full Review in Spanish]	June 6, 2019
Kofi Outlaw	fresh	ComicBook.com	Us is Jordan Peele's proud and confident declaration that his talent and success is far from being a one-time fluke. There are few filmmakers who can so effectively create entire worlds in their own unique signature.	June 4, 2019
Erin Carson	fresh	CNET	Where Get Out was a tidy concept that deliberately and carefully guided you through the story toward the big ideas, Us is bigger, broader and perhaps less neat.	May 29, 2019
Jonathan Hatfull	fresh	SciFiNow	For all the immediate fairground ride fun it offers, much of the real pleasure to be had with Us will come from the discussions you'll have afterwards and it certainly demands another viewing.	May 28, 2019
Fausto Ponce	fresh	Proceso	Another positive point is the way Peel addresses the terror: The fear Us produces is not based on a "human carnage" or on jump scare's techniques. [Full Review in Spanish]	May 28, 2019
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	In this reviewer's humble opinion, Peele has created a new horror masterpiece.	May 28, 2019
Alonso Daz de la Vega	rotten	El Universal	"Us" makes good use of colors, which demonstrates some originality, but I don't believe it is enough to compensate all the flaws the movie presents. [Full Review in Spanish]	May 23, 2019
Andrew Kendall	rotten	Stabroek News	The many possibilities of meaning in Us mean that it could be about everything. But by its noncommittal response to all it invokes, it feels like it's not about anything.	May 21, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	Forces us to grapple with our own culpability in systems of oppression. What if, after all this time, the monster is really us?	May 18, 2019
Carolyn Mauricette	fresh	View From The Dark	The scope of Us is vast, and whether you see it as a battle between our worst selves, our fears, classes, or a biblical reckoning, it's a literal rabbit hole of self-reflection everyone should fall down and get lost in over and over again.	May 16, 2019
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Cinencuentro	Compared to the average horror movie that gets released here in Lima, 'Us' is infinitely superior. [Full review in Spanish]	May 13, 2019
Jaime Pena	fresh	Caimn Cuadernos de Cine	Perhaps [Us'] greatest virtue derives from its ending. [Full review in Spanish]	May 10, 2019
Ina Diane Archer	fresh	Film Comment Magazine	...[A]ll the elements of the production work together to create an atmospheric menace that occupies a breathless two-thirds of the high-intensity 116-minute running time.	May 10, 2019
Nicols Ruiz	fresh	Cdigo espagueti	Us is an impressive allegorical film that demonstrates the power of independent horror cinema and its underlying social commentary. [Full review in Spanish]	May 9, 2019
Israel Acosta Aroche	fresh	Konexin	Jordan Peele without a doubt is a delightful breath of fresh air for the horror genre. [Full Review in Spanish]	May 7, 2019
Daniela Sagastegui Avils	fresh	Chilango.com	The realism of everyday life makes the premise and performances even more spooky, especially Lupita Nyong'o's. [Full review in Spanish]	May 6, 2019
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	As Jordan Peele here demonstrates, horror is much better when it forces one to look in the mirror. [Full review in Spanishi]	May 6, 2019
Sergio Lpez Aguirre	fresh	Cine Premiere	Jordan Peele expertly constructs a film with various layers that intrinsically make a commentary about humanity. [Full Review in Spanish]	May 6, 2019
Aaron Yap	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	Even if the film doesn't hang together in the moment as tightly as one might prefer, it fires up our synapses in the aftermath.	May 6, 2019
Peter Gray	fresh	Brisbanista	Isn't so much a film that will scare you in the traditional sense, but will certainly resonate with you long after the credits have rolled due to the fear-inducing complexities it serves its audience throughout	May 1, 2019
Dustin Chase	fresh	Galveston Daily News	Joran Peele's Us is more standardized horror fare than his Oscar winning Get Out.	April 30, 2019
Victoria Alexander	fresh	FilmsInReview.com	Jordan Peele does the miraculous: his follow up to GET OUT does not cheat his fans. And if you can dope out the twist, it's terrific.	April 29, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Niagara Gazette	Us is not your ordinary 'something wicked this way comes' movie.	April 29, 2019
Jim Schembri	rotten	3AW	To give the film its due most of it is fine, unspooling as a proficient, 1980s-style horror film...But the moment the mayhem stops and the waffle begins, you quickly realise that Peele wants you to take his B-grade splatterfest very seriously, indeed.	April 27, 2019
Joel Mayward	fresh	Cinemayward	Jordan Peele's follow up to his excellent Oscar-winning debut Get Out is a go-for-broke ambitious mess of a film.	April 24, 2019
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	Us is more sensory experience than thinkpiece.	April 21, 2019
Filipe Freitas	fresh	Always Good Movies	Executed with stylistic brio and acted accordingly, Us is a smart move that will keep you on the edge of your seats.	April 20, 2019
J. Olson	fresh	Cinemixtape	Most frightening of all is how the film's use of mirrors extends to the audience, holding one up to each and every one of us. What you see just might scare you to death.	April 19, 2019
Alison Willmore	fresh	BuzzFeed News	Us revolves around an allegory that's more elastic and resistant to parsing than megahit Get Out.	April 19, 2019
David Keyes	fresh	Cinemaphile.org	Peele is slowly emerging as one of the most exciting provocateurs of modern horror films. "Us" is further proof of that.	April 17, 2019
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	'Us' is part horror movie, part social commentary.	April 16, 2019
Diane Pershing	fresh	Malibu Times	Peele is a gifted filmmaker, the ending is satisfyingly chilling and it boasts another brilliant performance by Lupita Nyong'o in a dual role.	April 15, 2019
Kathryn Reklis	fresh	The Christian Century	It is a testimony to Peele's power as a filmmaker that he weaves this overwhelming idea into an absorbing and even enjoyable film. He got the genre right: we should be terrified.	April 11, 2019
Damien Straker	fresh	Impulse Gamer	Us is both enjoyable and slightly disappointing when seeing the clever aspects of Peele's filmmaking draw tantalisingly close together before drifting apart.	April 11, 2019
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	" 'Us' is a move that looks at the forgotten and disenfranchised - literally those who live in the shadows and have no real place in our world.	April 11, 2019
ngel Quintana	fresh	Caimn Cuadernos de Cine	Society's demons acquire physical forms while the horror film returns to embrace that politicization that was present in John Carpenter and George A. Romero' best films. [Full review in Spanish]	April 10, 2019
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Peele's latest will hold your attention throughout and I loved the way in which he's infused comedy within the thrills.	April 9, 2019
Amanda Greever	fresh	The Daily Times (Tennessee)	Us succeeds, but it's almost as if Peele is trying too hard	April 8, 2019
Brent Hankins	fresh	The Lamplight Review	Performances in genre pieces are often dismissed and disregarded, but make no mistake: Nyongo's work in Us is some of the very best of her career.	April 8, 2019
Mahmoud Mahdy	fresh	FilmGamed	A very significant horror film with a real core, an entertaining story, incredible performances and excellent execution	April 8, 2019
Kimberley Elizabeth	fresh	Nightmare on Film Street	Us' biggest success comes down to its impeccable casting. With everyone pulling double-duty, it's insane the depth of performance we see ...	April 8, 2019
James Kendrick	fresh	Q Network Film Desk	proves that Peele is hardly a flash in the pan; his talent is undeniable, as is his dedication to crafting superior horror movies that work beyond the general expectations of the genre	April 8, 2019
Stephen Silver	fresh	Splice Today	Combines masterful visuals with dense storytelling, and a half-dozen instant-classic sequences. And it's scary as hell.	April 8, 2019
Monique Jones	fresh	Mediaversity Reviews	More than just a horror movie, Us represents a multilayered experience that will leave your brain in knots...In short, you simply have to watch Us for yourself.	April 7, 2019
Andre Meadows	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	Theories aside, this is a scary, fun, suspenseful thriller with comedic elements and great performances. I can enjoy the movie on surface level without needing some doctorate degree.	April 5, 2019
Justin Brown	fresh	Medium Popcorn	There are a few questions that I wish were answered within the movie...crazy, though.	April 5, 2019
Brandon Collins	fresh	Medium Popcorn	I loved the story, cinematography, cast, everything about this movie. Jordan Peele, keep doing your own thing, I'm gonna be there every time.	April 5, 2019
Alison Gillmor	fresh	Winnipeg Free Press	Us is just a good movie. It's freaky, scary, carefully crafted and deeply unsettling.	April 5, 2019
Joseph Earp	fresh	Junkee	Us has no clear answers as to how one might fix such inequality. It's a horror movie, and so like many horror movies, it positions the viewers emotionally closer to the victims than those committing acts of violence against them.	April 4, 2019
Jamal-Dean Grootboom	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	Peele has a perfect balance of comedy and horror when it comes to tone, and the cinematography as a whole is spectacular. The acting is also amazing.	April 4, 2019
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Where the film packs its punches are in its truly fascinating third act and in your brain afterwards (or in spirited discussion with others). It is, perhaps, more enjoyable to think about than watch.	April 3, 2019
Martha K. Baker	rotten	KDHX (St. Louis)	Once you're finished hoping that humor shines through the red blood off the golden scissors, you still have to sit through Us.	April 3, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	Us is a creepy fun film with a creative premise that goes in a direction you won't expect.	April 2, 2019
Rick Levin	fresh	Eugene Weekly (OR)	Peele proves that he's not going to be content resting on his laurels, and that he's fearless and talented enough to hold a mirror up to our own worst selves - literally, it turns out.	April 2, 2019
Michael A. Smith	fresh	Moviehole	Don't walk, run to the theatre to see "Us."	April 2, 2019
Loren King	fresh	Newport This Week (RI)	One can appreciate "Us" for its ambition in layering a zombie thriller with substance and darker themes. Or, one can ignore the bigger issues and just go along for the roller-coaster descent into a nightmare.	April 1, 2019
Jos Martn	fresh	El antepenltimo mohicano	[Jordan Peele] has taken a leap forward as a filmmaker... reaching an exemplary maturity. [Full review in Spanish]	April 1, 2019
William Venegas	fresh	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	Lupita Nyong'o and Michael Abels' soundtrack [are] extraordinary. [Full review in Spanish]	April 1, 2019
John McDonald	fresh	Australian Financial Review	It's the revolt of the have-nots against the haves, a savage assault by the American underclass on a group of masters oblivious to their existence.	April 1, 2019
Jonathan P. Higgins, Ed.D.	fresh	Syfy Wire	This movie proves that if you are not wise, you can be tethered to the darker parts of yourself.	March 31, 2019
Bob Grimm	fresh	Reno News and Review	As it turns out, to no real big surprise, evil twins are big jerks.	March 31, 2019
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	A sensational sophomore effort. Whilst that ending may be a source of contention, the rest of Us is simply superb.	March 31, 2019
Jared Mobarak	fresh	Jaredmobarak.com	By pitting doppelgngers against each other, [Peele] depicts our collective internal struggle. By tethering them together [they must] witness their decisions' ramifications.	March 31, 2019
Damian Levy	fresh	Jamaica Gleaner	It's thought-provoking in the best way and succeeds to great lengths and fails with mere missteps.	March 30, 2019
Matt Brunson	fresh	Film Frenzy	There's enough thematic material here to power an entire semester of college dissertations, even if Peele is never quite able to integrate the sociopolitical horrors with the cinematic horrors as brilliantly as he did in Get Out.	March 30, 2019
Preston Barta	fresh	Denton Record-Chronicle	Not everything clicks in Jordan Peele's latest nightmare, but it's wildly entertaining, funny, thoughtful, well acted and well made.	March 30, 2019
Eve Tushnet	fresh	America Magazine	Us is skillful and strange, opening up subterranean levels in the psyche and letting the creatures within come out to play.	March 30, 2019
Ade Adeniji	fresh	AdeAdeniji.com	There's much to admire about Us.	March 29, 2019
Tatat Bunnag	fresh	Bangkok Post	It's still an enjoyable horror film with decent humour and a great soundtrack. I would recommend this movie to casual horror fans, but don't see it expecting anything like Get Out.	March 29, 2019
Namwali Serpell	fresh	The Nation	An extraordinary turn by Nyong'o.	March 29, 2019
Rubn Rosario	rotten	MiamiArtZine	An ambitious misfire, a near miss that gets lost in its atmospheric, beautifully rendered hall of mirrors.	March 29, 2019
Eve Tushnet	fresh	Patheos	Even elements that could become problems in less-sure hands, like the explanatory speeches toward the end, become part of the film's mythos and mystery.	March 29, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	fresh	We Live Entertainment	As director, writer, and producer, Peele is in full control here, and he has used his power as a filmmaker to deliver something fresh, scary, and darkly humorous once again.	March 29, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	A power-packed performance by Lupita Nyong'o, as both Adelaide and Red, is the soul of the film. The	March 29, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	fresh	Adelaide Review	Whereas Get Out was definitely scary, this is terrifying because it's about the one thing we're all most afraid of - us.	March 29, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	It was just incredible to see [Lupita] play two different versions of herself...The effects were so seamless on that, you don't even notice it. You don't even realize its the same people interacting with one another.	March 29, 2019
Dann Gire	fresh	Chicago Daily Herald	The most frightening element has less to do with its operatic violence than its stunner suggestion as to who the film's true villains might be. It's a double delight.	March 29, 2019
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	This psychological horror-thriller will haunts you long after it's over.	March 29, 2019
Dominic Corry	fresh	New Zealand Herald	Jordan Peele returns with this eagerly anticipated follow-up. The superlative entertainment value proves that his first film wasn't a fluke, but Us is definitely much more of a head-scratcher than Get Out.	March 29, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	A movie that plays a winning mind game, even if you're never quite sure of the rules.	March 29, 2019
Christopher Machell	fresh	CineVue	If the number one rule in horror is to never show the monster, Peele gleefully breaks it, forcing his characters and his audience us to gaze directly into its face. Perhaps what is most terrifying is the humanity that stares back.	March 29, 2019
Armond White	rotten	National Review	Interpreting Peele's silliness doesn't go beyond his trivializing black American deprivation into junk-movie entertainment. And no intelligent moviegoer should be impressed by his tonier affectations, which are mere sketch comedy.	March 29, 2019
Alex Doenau	fresh	Trespass	Either viewing it on a surface level or tunnelling deep into its mythos, Us is a richly composed film that succeeds on every level. Even its more contentious elements are still a sign of the victory that Peele exerts over the cinema-goer.	March 29, 2019
Melissa Anderson	fresh	4Columns	Peele seems to lay bare the tremendous anxiety among the members of this family to maintain "respectability," that odious burden so essential to racism's armature.	March 29, 2019
Kevin Harley	fresh	Total Film	Peele doubles down on his genre love with a flawed but full-bore frightener, ripe for debate. Nyong'o is incendiary.	March 29, 2019
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	Peele has remarkable command of his visuals, there are some smart jokes dotted throughout, and the ideas he's exploring - the dangers of moral absolutism, the complacency of comfort, the fear of others - are timely and thought-provoking.	March 29, 2019
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	It's part home invasion thriller, part body swap drama, part Ira Levin-esque psychological satire. Peele's second film is a bolder artistic statement than Get Out, and one of the finest examples of untethered (forgive the pun) studio filmmaking.	March 29, 2019
Frank Ochieng	fresh	SF Crowsnest	The structured anxieties and tampering of normality, gives 'Us' its distinctive realm of descriptive cynicism and shock. Fittingly, Peele's pet project brings a whole new definition to courting face-to-face double trouble.	March 28, 2019
Jourdain Searles	fresh	Bitch Media	The real genius at work in Us is Nyong'o, who anchors the story with underlying rage as well as the protective qualities usually reserved for male leads.	March 28, 2019
Edward Johnson-Ott	rotten	NUVO Newsweekly	Get Out was brilliant, one of the finest movies of this decade, and I've been a fan of Key and Peele for a long time. But not every album is Revolver.	March 28, 2019
Bilge Ebiri	fresh	Nashville Scene	If Get Out was a dagger, Us is a storm cloud.The new picture is also, in some ways, more assured than Get Out in the way it delivers traditional but effective genre pleasures.	March 28, 2019
George Elkind	fresh	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	It's a messy, genuinely frightening work of art.	March 28, 2019
Barry Paris	rotten	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	Kudos to the cinematography and the soundtrack. But it's a visual-visceral, not an intellectual experience. Unlike Get Out, the less time you spend thinking about it afterward, the better.	March 28, 2019
Jeffrey Edalatpour	fresh	KQED (San Francisco)	Us is crowded with witty references to other movies that may or may not turn out to be red herrings.	March 28, 2019
Ben Sachs	fresh	Chicago Reader	... it achieves an insidious, lingering effect that's rarer in the horror genre.	March 28, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	Jordan Peele, in the space of two films, has established himself as the new premier chronicler of the American battle between perception and reality.	March 28, 2019
Candice Frederick	fresh	Harper's Bazaar	Even as the central characters are enveloped by doom, Peele provides a haunting image of a black family that is both unsuspecting and frighteningly unfuckwithable.	March 28, 2019
Rob Vaux	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	Yeah... Jordan Peele's good at this.	March 28, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	This is Us. And this is us. See it for yourself.	March 28, 2019
Aaron Dicer	fresh	Siftpop	A movie that both rewards and punishes you for watching closely with an astonishing and necessary metaphor, brilliant visual and symbolic film making, but a world that doesn't quite hold together.	March 28, 2019
Matthew Pejkovic	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	A fiercely original and intriguing work, and in a film landscape where repetition and formula are the norm, this is very much a good thing.	March 28, 2019
Trey Mangum	fresh	Shadow and Act	With his second feature, Peele completely obliterates the concept of a sophomore slump, debuting what will go down as the first true, soon-to-be-iconic horror classic that we've seen in many, many years.	March 28, 2019
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	It's a pleasure to wrestle with Us.	March 28, 2019
Asher Luberto	fresh	culturevulture.net	That's the thing about his eloquently crafted films--every frame is overflowing with purpose, but Peele leaves it up to us to decide what that purpose is.	March 27, 2019
Ian Thomas Malone	fresh	Ian Thomas Malone	Us is a terrifying sophomore effort from director Jordan Peele, offering a thought-provoking perspective on the horror genre.	March 27, 2019
Pablo Fernandez	rotten	Vix	It feels like the whole movie could be just a sketch in a TV show or maybe an episode of an horror anthology series. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 27, 2019
Kristian M. Lin	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	Like Stephen King, Jordan Peele is a master at setting up an aggressively normal world and then introducing details that are further and further off until we're in the middle of a full-blown nightmare.	March 27, 2019
Margot Harrison	fresh	Seven Days	When it comes to delivering visceral scares, horror fans may find it wanting. Yet it's the kind of movie that could just haunt your dreams.	March 27, 2019
Jake Wilson	fresh	The Age (Australia)	For all its unevenness and confusion, cannot be dismissed. Something genuinely urgent seems to be happening, especially in the performances by Nyong'o and, to a lesser extent, Moss.	March 27, 2019
Vincent Mancini	fresh	FilmDrunk	In Get Out, Jordan Peele used the promise of genre to deliver social satire. In Us, he uses the promise of social satire to deliver genre. It's a hell of a neat trick.	March 27, 2019
Abby Olcese	fresh	Rave Reviews	Comparisons to Get Out, while inevitable, are ultimately unfair, since Us isn't trying to hit that point. It's just a very entertaining horror movie with some interesting ideas under the hood, and that still counts for a lot.	March 27, 2019
Aisha Jordan	fresh	Black Nerd Problems	A masterfully layered thriller in which the intricate details of each scene build the story and complicate the narrative at every turn.	March 27, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	And while "Us" may fall victim to heightened expectations, Peele's skill as a filmmaker, especially a horror filmmaker, remains on an upward trajectory.	March 27, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	Peele spoiled us with his last film, and his delivery of a merely moderate success with this one is hardly cause for alarm.	March 27, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	I don't usually like scary movies but I do like this one. It not only provides the chills, it also makes you think. Jordan Peele is a genius moviemaker and Lupita Nyong'o is masterful in her performance.	March 27, 2019
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	Jordan Peele's follow-up to 2017's Get Out...	March 27, 2019
Molly Henery	fresh	The Blogging Banshee	Us stabs through the supposed "sophomore slump," allowing Peele to give audiences a bloody and tension filled film with an underlying social message.	March 27, 2019
Anthony O'Connor	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	Frequently tense, often funny, occasionally profoundly bizarre and ultimately a bit mystifying, it's a truly original genre film that is unafraid to embrace big ideas and epic weirdness.	March 27, 2019
Cameron Williams	fresh	The Popcorn Junkie	A terrifying look at how American society justifies and compartmentalises the horrors of its foundations, the extremes of privilege and the bloody means to protect a patch of sunshine.	March 26, 2019
K. Austin Collins	fresh	Vanity Fair	The joy of it, what makes the film a severe accomplishment, is that it can be a fun ride no matter how overstuffed. But only if, ignoring the film's prompts to mean more, you let it.	March 26, 2019
Ruben Peralta Rigaud	fresh	Cocalecas	[Jordan Peele] succeeds in establishing Us as a shocking home invasion classic. [Full review in Spanish]	March 26, 2019
Eleanor Ringel Cater	fresh	Saporta Report (Atlanta)	An astounding double-whammy of a performance by Lupita Nyong'o.	March 26, 2019
Jack Bottomley	fresh	Starburst	This film well and truly sees Peele expand his reach in terms of ideas, scale and bizarreness and even if some aspects don't quite click, far more works than doesn't and the aspirations are nobly built on subtle detail and themes.	March 26, 2019
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	A movie that points out how the so-called "American dream" is in fact a nightmare when you're on the wrong side of the mirror. [Full review in Portuguese.]	March 26, 2019
Kent Garrison	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	Us is an absolute clinic in great horror filmmaking. Peele's knack for creating iconic images on screen is truly something special.	March 26, 2019
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	It's been a good long while since there was a horror movie that included this much stuff on the way to being this much fun.	March 26, 2019
Stephen Rebello	fresh	Playboy Online	How fantastic is it, in our predigested, everything-dumbed-down era, to be able to leave the theater baffled, debating interpretations and occasionally throwing nervous glances over our shoulders.	March 26, 2019
Drew Dietsch	fresh	GenreVision	Jordan Peele has made something that is going to be a defining piece of a certain generation's horror canon.	March 25, 2019
Aine O'Connor	fresh	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	It is still seriously above average for a horror, Nyong'o is a fabulous lead and the casual race and gender inversions are great. It's a film best experienced rather than overthought.	March 25, 2019
Beatrice Loayza	fresh	MUBI	While Peele's latest still betrays the inclinations of an "early work," there is something undeniably triumphant about the film's individuality, its ability to glean from a mostly underused strain of American culture to ingenious results.	March 25, 2019
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	While it's undoubtedly high time we saw more black leading characters in mainstream horror films -- and Lupita Nyong'o makes a good kick-ass mum here -- I remain unconvinced that he's really reinventing the wheel.	March 25, 2019
Jonathan Dean	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	Taken as a whole, though, Us is anything but indifferent. It is a rare film that is both tabloid and broadsheet in its mix of celebrity...and existentialism.	March 25, 2019
Michael Medved	fresh	The Michael Medved Show	What starts out as creepy and spell-binding deteriorates into a silly, generic zombie movie before it's partially redeemed by an unforgettably shocking ending.	March 25, 2019
Peter Rainer	fresh	Christian Science Monitor	Ambition in the horror genre can be a good thing, but the overreach in this movie detracts from both the horror and the ambition. Having said that, Peele shows a marked advance in filmmaking skills here and, in her dual role, Nyong'o is ferociously good.	March 25, 2019
Alex Gordon	fresh	Pittsburgh City Paper	And though expected, the film is also incredibly funny and warm.	March 25, 2019
Vicky Roach	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Nyong'o's dual performance is nothing short of mesmerising. And she is well supported by Moss's self-involved rich bitch. Sensationally spooky.	March 25, 2019
Terence Johnson	fresh	Le Noir Auteur	Peele's sense of balance as a filmmaker is on display for much of this movie, blending incredible shots and truly laugh out loud moments with ease. That is, until he needs to find a way to end the film and tie together his cavalcade of ideas.	March 25, 2019
Alison Rowat	fresh	The Herald (Scotland)	While Peele's script is laboriously specific about the back stories of the lead characters, he is frustratingly ambiguous when it comes to burnishing the nuts and bolts of the social commentary underpinning the slaughter.	March 25, 2019
Richard von Busack	fresh	MetroActive	Home invasion terror isn't always elegant, but it's always effective. Peele is a genial shocker. Unlike most doorbusters, these hell creatures aren't interested in sex. Comic relief settles in between never-too-horrible mayhem.	March 25, 2019
Mara Fernanda Mugica	fresh	La Nacin (Argentina)	The best thing about Us is not that thematic ambition, but its aesthetic grandiloquence, its disturbing climates and the way in which it abandons realism until it is forgotten. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 25, 2019
Ronda Racha Penrice	fresh	Uptown Magazine	Even if Us lacks Get Out's cohesive vision, it does add an undeniable freshness and innovation to the genre. With Us, Peele proves that he intends to stretch the horror lens primarily by diversifying it.	March 25, 2019
Mikel Zorrilla	fresh	Espinof	A terrific horror film that prolongs and surpasses the merits of Peele's previous work without ever falling into simple repetition. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 25, 2019
Kate Gardner	fresh	The Mary Sue	Us is brilliant. Frightening in some parts, funny in others, and altogether a cinematic experience.	March 25, 2019
Matt Ward	fresh	Cinematic Considerations	Us is the thinking man's thriller, a film where Peele will point audiences in a direction and then push them to interpret the narrative of Us in their own way.	March 25, 2019
Ciara Dolan	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Maybe Us is overstuffed, or maybe a second viewing could cast further light on these connections. Either way, Us still made me afraid to look in the mirror-the hallmark of an excellent horror movie.	March 25, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	An eerie, fascinating and astounding look at what it truly means when someone says "You are your own worst enemy." Us is that and more and only improves on multiple viewings.	March 25, 2019
Michael Smith	fresh	Tulsa World	I understand why Peele wants us questioning, and talking, and perhaps looking inward. And why he wants us to be afraid. That's what he expects of "Us."	March 25, 2019
Staci Layne Wilson	fresh	Red River Horror	What could be scarier than an opponent who can effortlessly read your mind?	March 25, 2019
Matt Looker	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	This is the stuff that makes for truly indelible horror.	March 25, 2019
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	Us may be flawed, but it's well worth seeing. Indeed, if this had been Peele's first film, we'd be proclaiming him a talent to watch.	March 25, 2019
Cameron Frew	fresh	FrewFilm	A sharp, sophomore thrill ride that lingers long after like a shadow.	March 24, 2019
Nathanael Hood	rotten	The Young Folks	...a well-intentioned misfire.	March 24, 2019
Matthew Passantino	fresh	CineChat Podcast	It's packaged as a solid horror film, while upending some of the tropes.	March 24, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Insidious and unsettling - it's nightmarish.	March 24, 2019
Tim Brennan	fresh	About Boulder	Look, if it were up to me, I'd give you guys one of the shortest reviews in the history of film criticism. I'd tell you to see Us, then see it again.	March 24, 2019
Nate Adams	fresh	The Only Critic	The final shot in Jordan Peele's astounding 'Us' proves that were currently living among one of the best horror directors of this century. Ten years from now we'll be sitting around a campfire discussing which Peele film is our favorite.	March 24, 2019
Matthew Norman	fresh	London Evening Standard	This film, unlike its predecessor, isn't perfect. But it is a richly intriguing riot of imagery and ideas that demands to be rewatched again and again.	March 24, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Observer (UK)	Fearsomely entertaining, consistently thought-provoking and occasionally bloody scary.	March 24, 2019
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	... a sinister symphony of symbolism... everything is on the screen and well-acted, but thinking back to where it all began after it's been seen is a true joy.	March 24, 2019
Ray Pride	fresh	Newcity	His horror hullabaloo, his succession of knowing campfire stories, the madly metaphorical, darkly funny, insidious dream-logic nightmare... is described by co-producer Sean McKittrick as "an R-rated Amblin film,"	March 23, 2019
Avi Offer	rotten	NYC Movie Guru	It bites off much more than it could chew with a story that's concurrently overstuffed and undercooked. Peele treats the audience as if they were stupid while hitting them over the head with symbolism and foreshadowing.	March 23, 2019
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	An intriguing and uncanny attack on America's divided self.	March 23, 2019
Tom Santilli	rotten	AXS.com	It is possible to love Jordan Peele, think he is our modern-day Alfred Hitchcock-in-the-making, and still admit that Us isn't all that it should be.	March 23, 2019
Sarah Marrs	fresh	Lainey Gossip	Us is an incredibly effective horror movie, finely tuned to cause stress in the audience, with plenty of nerve-wracking moments and scares.	March 23, 2019
Tim Cogshell	fresh	CineGods.com	Us is a horror movie that poses a couple of simple questions; "Who are we?" and "How can we be sure, who we are?" Questions about which Peele speculates, wildly.	March 23, 2019
Shaun Munro	fresh	Flickering Myth	If markedly less persuasive than Jordan Peele's mesmerising debut, Us nevertheless beguiles with its entrancing mystery and remarkable performances.	March 23, 2019
Sarah Cartland	fresh	Caution Spoilers	Peele has done a superb job. The big themes are signposted, but each layer is also made up of carefully cut-out jigsaw pieces, their significance only becoming apparent afterwards.	March 23, 2019
Kat Hughes	fresh	THN	A strong follow-up to Get Out, with Us, Jordan Peele outs himself as a loud and proud fan of genre cinema, and proves that he's more than capable of frightening the life out of an audience.	March 23, 2019
Wendy Shreve	fresh	Featuring Film	Frightening as a cautionary tale about human arrogance; unnerving in its doomsday references, Us invites us to walk through the glass darkly.	March 23, 2019
Rubin Safaya	rotten	Cinemalogue	I'm not sure I always care whether a horror film explains why God forsakes the soon-to-be-zombie-food inhabitants, but here it becomes a problem precisely because Peele's film brims with possibilities and metaphors left unexplored.	March 23, 2019
Eric D. Snider	fresh	Crooked Marquee	A serious, methodical, intensely focused horror story that plays with light and shadows visually as well as thematically.	March 23, 2019
Sarah Gopaul	fresh	Digital Journal	Adelaide's constant uneasiness radiates from the screen, which is one of many accomplishments by Nyong'o in this movie.	March 23, 2019
Adam Kempenaar	fresh	Filmspotting	...the reason the humor is so effective... is that it's always borne out of family dynamics.	March 23, 2019
Reginald Ponder	fresh	vocalo.org	US is another Jordan Peele film with some important messages wrapped in horror and gore. If you don't leave fearing yourself you will leave knowing that the worst gang is a doppelgng. Deliberate, Disturbing, Deserving.	March 23, 2019
Kristian Harloff	fresh	Schmoes Know	Peele is trying to do something else...was it better than Get Out? I didn't think so. But he doesn't have to do the same movie every time...	March 22, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	I wish it was a little more ambiguous. Other than that, an extremely well-made horror movie. Jordan Peele, if you want to continue in this genre, please do, it needs you.	March 22, 2019
Steph Cozza	fresh	Aggressive Comix	Nearly perfect. So much fun. A horror movie that I will 100 percent watch again.	March 22, 2019
Donovan Farley	fresh	Willamette Week	As good as these performances are, Us is undoubtedly a film carried by its female characters and the brilliant actresses playing them.	March 22, 2019
Carrie Rickey	fresh	Truthdig	Alas, the exquisite tension of its opening scenes slackens by the payoff. Still, long after the film's closing credits, the social criticism Peele infuses in Us continues to haunt.	March 22, 2019
Soraya Nadia McDonald	fresh	The Undefeated	As social commentary, it's not as razor-sharp as Get Out. But it still feels like an exceptional accomplishment, mainly because Peele created a role that is a worthy showcase of Nyong'o's talent.	March 22, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	Peele wanted to pay homage to the traditional horror movie genre but just had to include his brand of comedy. It works and the film is good.	March 22, 2019
Amy Taubin	fresh	Artforum	Peele's script and direction are very smart... but make no mistake, Nyong'o, who can be at once precise and volcanic, holds the film together and takes it to another level of emotional complexity and power.	March 22, 2019
Robert Levin	fresh	amNewYork	For all the ideas Peele nods toward, and all the moments of genuine suspense in a classical sense, it all comes back to Nyong'o.	March 22, 2019
Brandy McDonnell	fresh	The Oklahoman	In this era of sequels, reboots and cinematic universes, Peele is building a breakout reputation as a true original who is bringing back the element of surprise to his films.	March 22, 2019
Wilson Morales	fresh	BlackFilm.com	Peele has given audiences a terrifying, scary thriller filled with skilled acting, complexity, social comment, and a killer soundtrack	March 22, 2019
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	Stands as a sometimes intriguing, sometimes perplexing followup to his brilliant Get Out.	March 22, 2019
Andrea Thompson	fresh	A Reel of One's Own	Peele's miss is a lot more enjoyable than most hits, but Us still ends up being a concept in service of blood, not the other way around.	March 22, 2019
Andrea Chase	fresh	Killer Movie Reviews	The idea of twinned bodies with share souls, the one at the mercy of the unwitting other, is a proposition into which much can, and should, be read. The overlay of a stunning tale of horror is the opposite of a distraction. It is the point.	March 22, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	It's a movie that invites engagement beyond its running time, designed to spark debate, analysis, and fear of mirrors. Ultimately, US could be clearer, but it's so awesome on so many levels that this doesn't really matter.	March 22, 2019
Louise Keller	fresh	Urban Cinefile	In an audacious conceit, director Jordan Peele has concocted a humdinger of a tale that is intense, scary, funny and thought provoking in equal measures.	March 22, 2019
Alan French	fresh	We Bought a Blog	Us showcases Peele's step forward as a director and confirms that Lupita Nyong'o is a generational star. Us has a lot to say about America and the individual.	March 22, 2019
Phil Villarreal	fresh	ABC Tucson	This iw a water cooler-worthy experience.	March 22, 2019
Tom Meek	fresh	Cambridge Day	Us is best seen as a straight-up chiller that's well crafted and fantastically acted.	March 22, 2019
George Thomas	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	What's refreshing about Peele's first two efforts - Get Out being his first - is he doesn't rely on gratuitous violence to provide his thrills.	March 22, 2019
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Jordan Peele's return to horror is intriguing but no 'Get Out'.	March 22, 2019
Adam Nayman	fresh	The Ringer	Ideally, watching Us, we'd see ourselves, and some viewers may well have those moments of recognition. What I see is a talented guy going for broke and, for better and for worse, getting there.	March 22, 2019
Miles Surrey	fresh	The Ringer	The movie is downright scary, a doppelganger nightmare that also provides the best reason in recent memory for why one ought to avoid funhouses...it begs further analysis and conversation.	March 22, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	fresh	Shakefire	Us is another uniquely terrifying masterpiece from Jordan Peele and further cements him as an auteur of Hollywood.	March 22, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	The second time around... I was much more impressed by the interweaving, by the textures.	March 22, 2019
David Stratton	fresh	The Australian	Even if his screenplay has flaws, Us confirms that Peele is an accomplished director with a wicked sense of humour.	March 22, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	[Jordan Peele's] follow-up Us offers more trenchant commentary embedded in horror-movie tropes. His message this time, though, is more mysterious -- and insidious.	March 22, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	Us is another refreshing and well-crafted Jordan Peele horror flick, but in swapping out Get Out's clear motives for a more esoteric experience it lands on uneven territory.	March 22, 2019
Sarah Cullen	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Lupita Nyong'o is fantastic.	March 22, 2019
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	It wouldn't be as truly terrifying as it is without the jaw-dropping performance from his leading lady, Nyong'o, and with this collaboration they have created another whip-smart modern horror classic.	March 22, 2019
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	Not as politically explosive as Get Out, Us has plenty of scares and fun. Lupita Nyong'o and Wilson Duke are terrific as are the kids.	March 22, 2019
Molly Laich	fresh	doghatesfilm.com	The movie's not as tight as Get Out, but that's a hard act to follow, and at the very least, Us is definitely more scary.	March 22, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	Peele orchestrates events with marvelous confidence, his ability to fill every corner of the frame with a sense of foreboding uncertainty not to be taken lightly or casually dismissed.	March 22, 2019
Joey Magidson	fresh	Hollywood News	Can a film be way overpraised and also be rather terrific? In this case, that's what I found Us to be. Despite not sticking the landing, Peele shows he's a new genre master.	March 22, 2019
Michael Ward	fresh	Should I See It	Us is brave, bold, crazy, and compelling, featuring an astonishing performance by Lupita Nyong'o.	March 22, 2019
Leonard Maltin	rotten	leonardmaltin.com	When 'Us' was over I didn't feel a sense of satisfaction. Perhaps that's because Peele packed more into his dense screenplay than was absolutely necessary. It's self-consciously clever, and strictly on a gut level, the movie left me wanting	March 22, 2019
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	Drop whatever you're doing and run to see Us. You might recognize someone you already know.	March 22, 2019
Martin Thomas	fresh	Double Toasted	Story-wise, I wouldn't necessarily seek it out again. But just to watch how it constructed, it's worth several viewings.	March 22, 2019
Korey Coleman	fresh	Double Toasted	It's a very well done, not just horror movie, but a very well directed movie... it actually works as a good action film too.	March 22, 2019
Bill Watters	fresh	Bleeding Cool	Jorden Peele has appeared on the scene as a master of atmospheric dread and terror, and it's that skill that saves 'Us' from a week (even by horror standards) storyline.	March 22, 2019
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	Peele handles the creepy stuff with aplomb, but doesn't forget his comedy roots and occasionally throws in a funny bit here and there. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)	March 22, 2019
Daniel de Partearroyo	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	What our perspective conceals... is what Jordan Peele brings to light. [Full review in Spanish]	March 22, 2019
Francisco Marinero	fresh	El Mundo (Spain)	Jordan Peele's strengths lie in sticking to stories that contain a tinge of realism even if the film takes place in extraordinary circumstances. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 22, 2019
Tim Appelo	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	[Lupita Nyong'o]'s dual performance is so impressive, she powers us right through plot revelations that don't make total sense.	March 22, 2019
Scott Wampler	fresh	Birth.Movies.Death.	Us is an absolute feast for horror fans, a film we're gonna spend the next two years dissecting and decoding.	March 22, 2019
Chauncey K. Robinson	fresh	People's World	The ambitious film leaves a great deal of mystery in its wake (for better or worse), while aiming high with a fresh take on horror.	March 22, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	San Francisco Examiner	Some may compare "Us" to "Get Out" and find it wanting, but others will realize no measuring is necessary. "Us" is very simply a tense, startling, and wildly entertaining, movie.	March 22, 2019
Victor Stiff	fresh	In The Seats	Us is a terrifying thriller that is wickedly funny and jam-packed with striking visuals.	March 22, 2019
Matthew Lickona	rotten	San Diego Reader	The result is bloody but weirdly bloodless, a sort of thinky exercise in horror filmmaking. There's more juice in the laughs here than the scares.	March 22, 2019
Matthew Sorrento	fresh	Film International	The film is an economic nightmare machine, once it gets going. Serving both worlds of fans, the terrors are eerie and bone-crunching... in the same brisk rhythm as Get Out.	March 22, 2019
Hazel Cills	fresh	The Muse/Jezebel	While Us may be marred with flaws, the family at its center can probably withstand anything.	March 22, 2019
Princess Weekes	fresh	The Mary Sue	To say that Us is more than a horror movie does a disservice to the genre that Peele loves. Us is a horror movie in all the glory that encompasses.	March 22, 2019
Josephine Livingstone	fresh	The New Republic	Us is an uncanny movie, and an implicit riposte to the questions Peele himself asked in Get Out. What if there's no easy ending? What if the real struggle takes place within?	March 22, 2019
Deirdre Crimmins	fresh	HighDef Digest	Nyong'o defies comparison to other horror heroines since she pulls double duty as both victim and monster. I cannot recall the last time an actor made my skin crawl for the entire length of her introduction, and every single moment on screen thereafter.	March 22, 2019
Alan Jones	fresh	Radio Times	While the socio-political allegory feels a little clunky this time... it's still a weird and wild ride down the rabbit hole, impressively juggling comedy and horror to hugely entertaining effect.	March 22, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	An excellent follow-up for director/writer Jordan Peele. Ambitious, relevant and disturbing, Us is horror done really, really well. [Full review in Spanish]	March 22, 2019
Dom Sinacola	fresh	Paste Magazine	If Get Out introduced a savvy culture vulture to a moviegoing public starving for original voices and underrepresented perspectives, then Us shapes that introduction with exacting intimacy and humor and a lot of blood.	March 22, 2019
Alci Rengifo	fresh	Entertainment Voice	"Us" is a worthy heir to a great and fun tradition in cinema, where the scares are very bloody, but it's what they're actually about that counts. Fair warning, do not go see this movie if you absolutely do not like to have your heart rate quicken.	March 22, 2019
Esther Zuckerman	fresh	Thrillist	Much of Us feels like an excavation, and maybe even an exorcism, of Peele's childhood influences, all in an effort to make a grand metaphor about the callousness of America and its class system.	March 22, 2019
Piers Marchant	fresh	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	I'm happy to report [Jordan] Peele has done nothing here to suggest his debut was a lucky flash in the pan. This film continues his uncanny understanding of human interaction, and his flare for visual audaciousness.	March 22, 2019
Pamela Powell	fresh	Reel Honest Reviews	"Us" showcases Peele's seemingly innate ability to perfectly blend comedy and horror with the timing of a Swiss watch. Unfortunately, after the initial set up of the premise, the film becomes an exercise in typical horror gore.	March 22, 2019
Kate Snchez	fresh	But Why Tho? A Geek Community	Us...is both a slow burning unsettling spectacle and a full throttle assault on your heart.	March 22, 2019
Kyle Smith	rotten	National Review	I didn't find any of it particularly engaging despite Peele's nudging us to attach some sociopolitical importance to developments.	March 22, 2019
Gary Wolcott	fresh	Tri-City Herald	Barely recommending this one. Peele's second W/D effort is mostly so-so. It's like fast food. Looks good, tastes good but is so many empty calories.	March 22, 2019
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	"Us" will pin you to your seat and leave you stiff with fear. The mystery it weaves, however, doesn't yield any immediately satisfying answers, only more questions. But at least it gets you thinking, and these days, that's plenty.	March 22, 2019
Bob Chipman	fresh	Escapist Magazine	It could be argued Nyong'o is giving one of, if not the, best female horror lead performances ever, basically having to play both Michael Myers and Laurie Strode at the same time.	March 22, 2019
Caryn James	fresh	BBC.com	The film takes an unexpected, spectacular stylistic turn.	March 22, 2019
Max Weiss	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	Us is much scarier than Get Out, but less funny. Peele occasionally disrupts the tension with a few jokes but he wants to keep you freaked out, not laughing.	March 22, 2019
Kyle Pinion	fresh	The Beat	For those who are willing to meet it on its own terms, you'll find an even more rewarding experience, one catered by Peele's lovely shot compositions and a tremendously frightening double-edged performance by Nyong'o.	March 22, 2019
Dwight Brown	fresh	National Newspaper Publishers Association	Us never reaches that over-the-edge crescendo into total mayhem that scares you to death and makes a good horror film a great one.	March 22, 2019
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	"Us" is an excellent production that stands above much of the routine horror efforts that dot the release calendar, and another interesting step in Peele's evolving entertainment career.	March 22, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	While the whole adventure might flaunt an occasional reach or two, Peele's initial set up, as well as some revelations that follow the sheer terror of that first introduction, show up quite unexpectedly.	March 22, 2019
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	No, Get Out wasn't a fluke.	March 22, 2019
Lisa Johnson Mandell	rotten	AtHomeInHollywood.com	It has some masterful cinematic bites, but when you step back and take a look at it as a whole, there are too many random pieces stitched together that don't quite fit.	March 22, 2019
Matthew Rozsa	fresh	Salon.com	But the good so greatly outweighs the bad; "Us" is definitely worth seeing, and it is a positive sign for the quality of Peele's upcoming "Twilight Zone" reboot.	March 22, 2019
Johnny Gayzmonic	fresh	Fanboys of the Universe	As challenging as it is mysterious, it leaves us with more questions than answers, and in that darkness and doubt, it finds the true meaning of terror.	March 22, 2019
Courtney Small	fresh	Cinema Axis	A chilling and thought-provoking horror, Us gives plenty of reasons to be afraid of our own shadow.	March 22, 2019
Sonny Bunch	fresh	Washington Free Beacon	Tim Heidecker ... is the film's low-key MVP.	March 22, 2019
Anthony Lane	fresh	New Yorker	"Us" is political filmmaking of the most spirited sort, and it sets up quite a fight: the Hydes come to visit the Jekylls, and the Jekylls hit back. Whom you cheer for, in the long run, is up to you.	March 22, 2019
Kurt Loder	fresh	Reason Online	Very scary. And Peele's uber-nerd cinephilia is non-stop fun ("Isn't that the Lost Boys boardwalk?"). But as a writer, he has more ideas than he can fit into one picture, and even his great gifts as a director can't stanch the conceptual overflow.	March 22, 2019
Kate Muir	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	Us takes us on a deeply weird journey into the conflicted heart of America, but it begins in traditional horror-movie territory.	March 22, 2019
Steve Crum	fresh	Video-Reviewmaster.com	You know a movie is really scary when audience members at the preview keep yelling at the screen, "Don't open that door!" and "Look out!" (I didn't say such, but I sure thought it.)	March 22, 2019
Chris Feil	fresh	The Film Experience	Us satisfies immensely in part because Peele is as concerned with developing Adelaide's inner tension as he is in molding specific family dynamics.	March 22, 2019
Bill Arceneaux	fresh	Big Easy Magazine	Seriously, Us is an instant classic from an instant player.	March 22, 2019
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	Provocative, disturbing, and never afraid to be darkly funny.	March 22, 2019
Rene Sanchez	fresh	Cine Sin Fronteras	Lupita Nyong'o's powerhouse performance finds its equal in Jordan Peele's masterful storytelling. A horror tale that confronts us with the social problems that lie beneath the surface. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 22, 2019
Emmanuel Noisette	fresh	The Movie Blog	A freshly unique homage to classic horror films with a splash of social commentary. Sadly, the expectations for "Us" will be "tethered down" by the success of "Get Out".	March 22, 2019
Robert Horton	fresh	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	Maybe it's inevitable that Peele's second film as writer-director doesn't light up the sky in the same way -- but at least it throws off plenty of sparks.	March 22, 2019
Matthew Dougherty	fresh	The Filtered Lens	...it's the moments where the characters are faced with the unpredictability of an alternate version of themselves in long, tense takes that pushes the film's horror value to another level.	March 22, 2019
Dustin Putman	fresh	TheFrightFile.com	Duplicitous yet unsuspectingly human, "Us" is an expertly crafted cinematic hall of mirrors drenched in sinister, provocative portent.	March 22, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	With his latest movie, Peele has created the first conscientious horror genre.	March 22, 2019
Kirsten Acuna	fresh	Insider	"'Us' is going to keep you on the edge of your seat the entire time. By the film's very end, you're going to have one thought on your mind: I need to watch this again. Immediately."	March 22, 2019
Steve Katz	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	What Us makes abundantly clear is that Peele is an undeniable talent, so comfortable in his ability to build tension [and] so assured in his use of music, cinematography and editing.	March 22, 2019
Mario Alegre	fresh	Prxima Tanda	Jordan Peele's highly entertaining -albeit, a bit muddled- follow-up to Get Out, gives us, not one, but two of Lupita Nyong'o's best performances in (incredibly) her first leading role.	March 22, 2019
Benjamn Harguindey	fresh	EscribiendoCine	In spite of shuffling a markedly more comic cut, the tension does not suffer for it, and the horror behind Peele's ideas is highly evocative. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 21, 2019
Bill Goodykoontz	fresh	Arizona Republic	There's no way to know in the moment you're admiring this that it carries meaning that informs the rest of the film. That's just terrific filmmaking.	March 21, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	fresh	Wall Street Journal	It's compulsory seeing for everyone who loves the horror genre, the movie medium and the notion of saying sage things about contemporary life without straying from entertainment's twisty path.	March 21, 2019
Paul Whitington	fresh	Irish Independent	Us is great fun, and very funny, and uses a banging soundtrack to very skillful effect. It also looks great.	March 21, 2019
Kevin Maher	fresh	Times (UK)	The film, ultimately, is about spills and thrills, masterfully executed. It will, however, leave you with the nagging feeling that the many messages and meanings haven't quite yet coalesced into a watertight narrative concept.	March 21, 2019
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	[Jordan Peele's] new film is assured in its tone, which goes from dread to comedy without missing a beat.	March 21, 2019
Scott Tobias	fresh	NPR	Us is a serious film about the American underclass, those who toil out of sight and out of mind. Us is also a lot of fun.	March 21, 2019
John Tones	fresh	Espinof	'Us' corroborates the role of Peele as one of the great current renovators of horror films and is emerging as essential appointment film viewing. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 21, 2019
Rebecca Murray	fresh	Showbiz Junkies	A film you're likely to think about in your sleepless hours of the night.	March 21, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	The first half of the movie - particularly the opening scene - and Lupita Nyong'o are so good, you forgive the non-ending.	March 21, 2019
Dana Barbuto	fresh	The Patriot Ledger	Blame Jordan Peele if you're unable to sleep peacefully again.	March 21, 2019
Steve Erickson	fresh	Gay City News	Peele knows how to make a straightforward horror film. The middle section of Us uses jump scares and sudden stabs of music. But it's closer to Michael Haneke's Funny Games than Jaws, despite the T-shirt Jason wears.	March 21, 2019
Beth Accomando	fresh	KPBS.org	Jordan Peele's Us serves up a very different kind of horror from his debut feature "Get Out," but it is scary good in its own way.	March 21, 2019
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	Beautifully directed and acted, with an ambitious third-act that's likely to be hotly debated.	March 21, 2019
Alex Goldstein	fresh	One Room With A View	Demanding repeat viewing, it's another superior showcase for Peele's bloody dissection of humanity with razor-edged wit.	March 21, 2019
Anne Cohen	fresh	Refinery29	Us feels like an appropriately ambitious follow-up for Peele. It's larger in scope, creative, and bold.	March 21, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	Despite some sporadically effective moments it emerges as a muddle-a lovingly made but rather pretentious example of the sophomore jinx in action.	March 21, 2019
Richard Lawson	rotten	Vanity Fair	A frustrating movie, oddly inert despite all its thrashing.	March 21, 2019
J.R. Kinnard	rotten	PopMatters	Calling Us a disappointment is an oversimplification. It's more of an incomplete thought; an ambitious draft with countless ideas and story threads that fail to tie together because of a flawed structure.	March 21, 2019
Brian Lowry	fresh	CNN.com	Us is a solid, almost old-fashioned thriller.	March 21, 2019
James Berardinelli	rotten	ReelViews	There are many individual scenes that, taken in isolation, pack a punch. The problem is that, once assembled into the larger whole, it doesn't all work.	March 21, 2019
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	The film relies on the brilliant-times-two acting of Nyong'o, who slips between protective mom and devilish double with a facility that keeps everybody on edge, both on and off the screen.	March 21, 2019
Lynnette Nicholas	fresh	Black Girl Nerds	In Peele's Us, there is truly no place to run and hide. The only solution is for the families affected by these evil appearances to truly look inside of themselves.	March 21, 2019
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	[Jordan Peele] operates the intrigue with a firm hand, although when the story begins to veer towards the fantastic/apocalyptic it can't surpass the cliches of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]	March 21, 2019
Norman Wilner	fresh	NOW Toronto	It may not feel as revolutionary as Get Out, but the director's follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut is sharp, smart and artful.	March 21, 2019
Randy Shulman	fresh	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	Jordan Peele has more on his mind than to merely offer up a scary ride. He wants audiences engaged on every possible level. He wants his horror films to mean something.	March 21, 2019
Alissa Wilkinson	fresh	Vox	It's horrific in a way that hangs onto your gut when it's all over.	March 21, 2019
Taylor Antrim	fresh	Vogue	It's a funhouse of conflicting narratives... insists that you see it seen again.	March 21, 2019
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	A handful of eek-eek-eek scenes aside, the movie's not so much gory as intensely unnerving, with just enough laughs larded in to remind us we're having a good time.	March 21, 2019
Daniel Nava	fresh	Chicago Cinema Circuit	Us is most persuasive when compressed, when we're observing its concerns through the retina of Nyong'o performance.	March 21, 2019
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	...again Peele is back exploring humanity's ills through the lens of horror, specifically the divide between us that will surely lead to our downfall. Or it's just a home invasion movie with a twist. Take your pick.	March 21, 2019
Ryan Gilbey	fresh	New Statesman	Us represents a definite advance on Get Out, and establishes Peele as a fascinating film-maker. When he learns to stop over-complicating things, he may even become a great one, too.	March 21, 2019
Chris Hewitt	fresh	Minneapolis Star Tribune	We don't get many horror movies with better performances than the ones Lupita Nyong'o and Elisabeth Moss give in "Us."	March 21, 2019
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	Writer-director Jordan Peele has totally done it again.	March 21, 2019
Rafer Guzman	fresh	Newsday	One thing is for sure: There's nothing else that looks and feels quite like it.	March 21, 2019
Sara Stewart	fresh	New York Post	Is it a pointed cultural take or just a gleeful scare-fest? It depends on what you choose to take from it.	March 21, 2019
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	"Us" runs the gamut of emotions -- a film that is smart, funny, terrifying and absolutely memorable. It embraces the communal experience of a packed theater quite well.	March 21, 2019
Jeremy Jahns	fresh	JeremyJahns.com	It was intense. That's what Joran Peele understands about thrillers and horror -- they're not just for gore. [He's] telling a story about characters.	March 21, 2019
Sean P. Means	fresh	The Movie Cricket	Peele twists the screws expertly, sometimes goosing us with a solid jump-scare, sometimes relying on the slow burn to instill a sense of dread.	March 21, 2019
Eric Melin	fresh	The Pitch	As you might expect with a horror film about dopplegangers: the terror lies within, we are our own worst enemies, etc. But Peele's allegory goes beyond that into a fable about crippling self-doubt and class struggles.	March 21, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	With "Us," Peele shows that he is no mere pretender to someone else's throne, but a unique talent in his own right who will almost certainly be looked upon as a source of inspiration from future generations of filmmakers.	March 21, 2019
Jake Coyle	fresh	Associated Press	While each member of the family excels, Nyong'o delivers arguably her fiercest, most extraordinary performance as both Adelaide and her monstrous doppelganger.	March 21, 2019
Deborah Ross	rotten	The Spectator	I was grateful it wasn't that frightening but not so grateful that it was quite so repetitively dull.	March 21, 2019
Sherin Nicole	fresh	idobi.com	This is a blood soaked fable with white rabbits you can't help but follow down -- and it's a thrilling way to fall. Peele excels at the shocks and reversals Hitchcock and Serling would cheer for. Yet he does it his way, and his way is so very good.	March 21, 2019
Nick Rogers	fresh	Midwest Film Journal	Superbly mounted dread, insistent escalation, elegantly sustained tension - a forest fire to Get Out's slow burn. Us is Jordan Peele's Jurassic Park, where a fear of monsters learning to open doors takes on chilling new meanings.	March 21, 2019
Alexa Dalby	fresh	Dog and Wolf	Us is truly scary - right from the start. It shocks you with sudden thumps, bumps and crashes and lulls you into a false sense of security with tension-relieving deadpan laughs before the next surprise hits you.	March 21, 2019
Walter Chaw	rotten	Film Freak Central	Honestly, Us is so scattershot and confused, I'm not sure the quote represents anything beyond its chapter/verse doubling.	March 21, 2019
Carl Kozlowski	rotten	Pasadena Weekly	This is a stunning fall for Peele, who's trying to make a commentary about our light and dark sides, as well as class warfare, but it has none of the punch and effectiveness of "Get Out."	March 21, 2019
Leslie Combemale	fresh	Cinema Siren	Lupita Nyong'o's exquisite blend of nuance and scenery-chewing as Adelaide and Red deserves to be listed among the best horror performances ever.	March 21, 2019
Hope Madden	fresh	Columbus Underground	Peele draws on moods and images from horror's collective unconscious and blends them into something hypnotic and almost primal.	March 21, 2019
Kristen Lopez	fresh	Culturess	While it doesn't nail down the climax, Us is a highly unpredictable, unique, and haunting horror feature that tethers itself to you.	March 21, 2019
Andrew Parker	fresh	The Gate	Like the best horror movies, Us chillingly lingers with dread long after the credits have rolled, and like the smartest and most entertaining films, it's something I wanted to watch again the second it ended.	March 21, 2019
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	A modern horror movie that has the feel of an instant classic, one that has staying power to shock and awe years or even decades from now.	March 21, 2019
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	Another identity-dismembering horror movie from Jordan Peele...	March 21, 2019
Juan Barquin	fresh	Miami New Times	Us exists to show us what a damn fine director Jordan Peele is, and how much love for horror there is deep in its bones.	March 21, 2019
Jim Slotek	fresh	Original Cin	Ambitious, ambiguous and chilling in ways most of us probably never even imagined.	March 21, 2019
Sandy Schaefer	fresh	ScreenRant	Us manages to be funny, freaky, and thrilling all at once, and marks another step forward in Peele's evolving sense of storytelling and craftsmanship.	March 21, 2019
Laura Clifford	rotten	Reeling Reviews	this satire of the American dream, where those who get left behind simmer in murderous resentment, resembles one of those unwieldy Stephen King novels like "The Tommyknockers" or "Insomnia" where a good concept unravels and goes off the rails.	March 21, 2019
Michael Phillips	fresh	Chicago Tribune	Peele, who came out of sketch and improv comedy and retains his wit even when he's frying our nerves, has made his second fascinating thriller, this one closer to full-on and wonderfully suggestive horror.	March 21, 2019
Maren Longbella	fresh	St. Paul Pioneer Press	"Us" exceeds all expectations and then some.	March 21, 2019
Kambole Campbell	fresh	Little White Lies	A viscerally terrifying and often hilarious thrill-ride, even if the seams begin to show in the final act.	March 21, 2019
Brian Roan	fresh	The Film Stage	Among many the questions that Us may raise in an audience, the foremost might be this: is being no more than the sum of its parts a bad thing if so many of those parts are really, really fun?	March 21, 2019
Robbie Collin	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	The showpiece scares in Us are the opposite of ordinary horror jolts: its big shocks dawn slow, and they don't recede.	March 21, 2019
Gary Thompson	fresh	Philadelphia Daily News	Us, next to Peele's directorial debut Get Out, can be more comfortably tucked into the horror genre, but it's just as ambitious, and eager to function as social commentary.	March 21, 2019
Don Shanahan	fresh	Every Movie Has a Lesson	One's communal theater experience and entertainment value is addictively fed and your mind will race afterword, preserving the impact for even more internalization, compartmentalization, and surprise.	March 21, 2019
Andrew Wyatt	fresh	The Lens	An American nightmare that feels equal parts resonant, fascinating, and preposterous.	March 21, 2019
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Peele has concocted one helluva story, with enough twists and turns to keep even the most ardent student of horror guessing.	March 21, 2019
David Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Jordan Peele's doppelgnger thriller Us will terrify movie audiences 50 years from now. It is certain to become a classic.	March 21, 2019
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	Us is not a successor to Get Out, but instead a solidification. A solidification that Peele is not only a master of horror, but an auteur who wears his ambitions on his sleeve	March 21, 2019
Tim Grierson	fresh	Screen International	Perhaps "Us" stumbles near the end while straining for an operatic, shattering finale. But after capturing the zeitgeist his first time out, Jordan Peele avoids the sophomore slump by methodically laying out his riveting tale.	March 21, 2019
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	More technically adventurous than Peele's debut, showcasing encouraging cinematic development diminished by a few iffy filmmaking habits.	March 21, 2019
Dana Stevens	fresh	Slate	Peele is a born filmmaker who cares where the camera is placed, how a scene is lit and scored, what the props in the corner of the image suggest.	March 21, 2019
Manohla Dargis	fresh	New York Times	In "Us," Peele uses the metaphor of the divided self to explore what lies beneath contemporary America, its double consciousness, its identity, sins and terrors.	March 21, 2019
Amie Simon	fresh	Three Imaginary Girls	... will have you on the edge of your seat, yelling at the screen, hiding behind your hands, and laughing through the entire film, even when it plunges into its completely insane third act.	March 21, 2019
Jordan Ruimy	fresh	World of Reel	After a thrilling 100 minutes, Peele's ambitions do get the best of him - he can't quite close it out and the film's messy final 15 minutes feel overtly expository. Alas, it turns out that "Us," quite ironically, is also confused about its own identity.	March 21, 2019
Ann Hornaday	fresh	Washington Post	Full disclosure: "Us" gave me real-life nightmares, a testament to Peele's ability to illuminate the deepest and most dangerous shadow material of the American Dream.	March 21, 2019
A.A. Dowd	fresh	AV Club	It's a privilege to step back into the funhouse of [Peele's] imagination.	March 21, 2019
Diego Batlle	fresh	Otroscines.com	Jordan Peele has demonstrated to be a narrator full of ingenuity and craft. [Full Review in Spanish]	March 20, 2019
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	Us is both gruesome and challenging, the kind of movie worth dissecting on multiple viewings and one that demands to be instantly reanalyzed upon it's ending; it's mind-shattering nightmare fuel	March 20, 2019
Josh Bell	fresh	CBR	Its unrelenting creepiness is more than enough to cement Peele's position as a master horror filmmaker.	March 20, 2019
J. Don Birnam	fresh	Splash Report	Lupita Nyong'o turns in the best performance in her career and Jordan Peele shows off his technical prowess in an otherwise uneven film with no clear emotional center	March 20, 2019
Frank Wilkins	fresh	Reel Reviews	Intertwines the notion of class structure and the dichotomy of "the haves" vs. "the have-nots" with our innate fear of evil twins to create a delightfully exhilarating, and at times terrifying, modern day twist on the age-old B movie.	March 20, 2019
Henry Stewart	fresh	Slant Magazine	Jordan Peele's follow-up to Get Out unnervingly speaks to the issues affecting a divided nation.	March 20, 2019
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	Last time, Peele made a movie about the country. This time he made a movie about himself, and it's even better.	March 20, 2019
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	While the movie doesn't entirely do justice to its ambitious theme - it gets a little stuck in chase-and-attack mode for too long, and its final scenes are a bit opaque - it's always surprising and completely gripping.	March 20, 2019
Dan Murrell	fresh	Screen Junkies	This cements Jordan Peele as one of the most exciting and talented filmmakers working today.	March 20, 2019
Cary Darling	fresh	Houston Chronicle	The chills in "Us" don't come from the gory and the gruesome but, as in Peele's "Get Out," from his playing with the notion that the scariest moments come from inside us.	March 20, 2019
Jeff Beck	rotten	The Blu Spot	"Us" is the kind of movie that, while you can admire the craft and skill that went into it, will leave you scratching your head as to how Peele thought any of it was plausible.	March 20, 2019
Spencer Perry	fresh	ComingSoon.net	Us is a challenging movie, a film that doesn't wear its themes like a bright vest but instead requires a more exhaustive examination, and perhaps repeat viewings.	March 20, 2019
Geoffrey Macnab	fresh	Independent (UK)	Peele combines B-movie tropes with elements of paranoid conspiracy thrillers in an unsettling and very original fashion.	March 20, 2019
Sean Mulvihill	fresh	FanboyNation.com	Us may not feature as concise of a social commentary as Get Out, but it's still an incredibly effective, ambitious, and terrifying work of horror filmmaking.	March 20, 2019
Joe Friar	fresh	The Victoria Advocate	A heart-pounding excursion down horror's darkest corridors with the brilliant Lupita Nyong'o as the driving force. The film moves at such ferocity that you won't be able to catch your breath until the credits roll.	March 20, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	This is an unforgettable dance with the devil.	March 20, 2019
John Lui	fresh	The Straits Times (Singapore)	Peele once more shows that he is a better writer than director. This work spills over with themes and symbols, just not coherently arranged, nor presented in a visually stylish way.	March 20, 2019
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	With minimal gore, Peele prefers to get inside his viewers' heads. Scaring you is the first thing he wants to do, but he'll ask you to think while he's there, too.	March 20, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	Daily Film Fix	Unconventional and mysterious, "Us" takes viewers on a bloody and murderous ride through the eyes of the survivors. And Peele smartly makes us survivors all, condemning us, like the WIlsons, to grapple with all the nagging questions.	March 20, 2019
Jonathan Roberts	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	For a second film, Us has a Spielberg-like confidence.	March 20, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	It's the thematic twists that give the film a serious kick.	March 20, 2019
Edward Douglas	fresh	The Weekend Warrior	For all its weirdness, Us does pay off in a fairly big way ... creating a movie so crazy and infuriating at times it will get people talking.	March 20, 2019
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	Nyong'o delivers one of the great performances in horror movie history, as Jordan Peele shows us a world tragically untethered to its own humanity, its empathy, its soul. If that's not a scarefest for its time, I don't know what is.	March 20, 2019
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	It is a bit of a "What you see is what you get" genre exercise, but what you get is superbly-crafted and generally entertaining.	March 20, 2019
Brandon Davis	fresh	ComicBook.com	It serves as an incredibly important cultural message arriving at a crucial time, complete with stunning visuals, unforgettable and epic action-sequences.	November 15, 2019
Katie Smith-Wong	fresh	Flick Feast	Black Panther feels as new and refreshing as Iron Man, as [Ryan] Coogler's confidence in both the story and his talented cast has enabled him to create an enthralling yet indispensable installment in the series.	November 11, 2019
Leslie Combemale	fresh	Cinema Siren	Black Panther is transcendent.	October 18, 2019
David Harris	fresh	Spectrum Culture	Ultimately, Black Panther is more of the same.	September 30, 2019
Rhys Tarling	fresh	Isolated Nation	Hell, it borders on Shakespearean at times. And the final scene isn't the requisite pause before the next Marvel movie, but a genuine Moment. It's an emotionally rousing expression of why this movie matters, flaws and all.	September 26, 2019
Kate Rodger	fresh	Newshub (NZ)	It's a powerful package.	September 16, 2019
Josh Wilding	fresh	ComicBookMovie.com	Black Panther is one of Marvel's best movies to date and Ryan Coogler has delivered something which is going to have a lasting impact not only on comic book fans but an entire generation. Wakanda Forever!	August 29, 2019
Vincent Schilling	fresh	Indian Country Today	Spectacular diversity magic! Black Panther slashes a lot of things, chiefly colonialism. In my childhood, I was force-fed history that 'Civilizations of color were less than superior.' NO MORE! The world needs this black superhero.	August 22, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	The film is smart, fast paced and action-packed, with incredible production design, costuming, and special effects. More important, it showcases a superhero who is different than any before him.	August 7, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	Marvel Studios usually does a good job with these films but with Black Panther, they stepped up their game and it pays off.	July 31, 2019
Mikel Zorrilla	fresh	Espinof	'Black Panther' is a great entertainment and a good movie that goes beyond its visual spectacle. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 30, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	Ryan Coogler's work is unique in its kind, both in terms of tone and style. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 27, 2019
Juan Luis Caviaro	rotten	Espinof	It is one of the worst movies in the Marvel Universe and as an action blockbuster I find it quite conventional and awkward. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 25, 2019
Dominic Griffin	fresh	The Baltimore Beat	...people are so thirsty for representation and so ready for this movie to be the end-all-be all-of blackness on screen that they'd likely twist themselves into pretzels defending it as such even if it wound up being low-key trash.	July 16, 2019
Rucha Sharma	fresh	DNA India	Black Panther is the superhero movie you've been waiting for.	July 9, 2019
Tyler Smith	fresh	Battleship Pretension	Coogler's ability to direct action elevates what would seem like standard set pieces into virtuosic showcases.	July 9, 2019
Ryan Syrek	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	Other Marvel movies have been rightfully dinged for weak villains, generic scores, visual sameness and superficial themes. The first megabudgeted superhero movie written by, directed by and largely starring black people just found what was missing.	June 18, 2019
Tony Asankomah	fresh	GhMovieFreak	The entire feeling of this film kind of gives you a sneak peek at what it would feel like seeing big screen interpretations of actual African heroes and heroines from our stories and folktales.	June 11, 2019
Richard Bonaduce	fresh	Salt Lake Magazine	To make such a grand statement, ya gotta break some barriers, and the film's largely black cast certainly does that, with their performances being the best part of a film loaded with great parts...	June 5, 2019
Grant Watson	fresh	Fiction Machine	This feels like a critically important film, and a huge step forward in giving an African voice to mainstream cinema.	June 3, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	The most vibrant, exuberant, and purely exhilarating Marvel film yet.	June 3, 2019
Andrew Kendall	fresh	Stabroek News	Coogler and company use the intersection between myth and history well. They lionize it for emphasis and good effect, leaving you asking questions when it ends. And isn't that we want from our art?	May 21, 2019
Kaitlyn Booth	fresh	Bleeding Cool	Black Panther is not only an important movie culturally, but it's also thrilling, dramatic, and gorgeous in a way we don't get to see very often in action movies.	May 15, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	A wonderful story full of twists and turns, featuring one of the best villains in the MCU.	May 9, 2019
Julie Crawford	fresh	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	Black Panther is a film that uses political theory as more than a plot-pushing gimmick without losing its wonder, humour and bad-ass action. Kudos to the studio and to filmmakers for looking outside the starched-white box.	April 16, 2019
Richard Trenholm	fresh	CNET	A righteous riposte to centuries of oppression, absorbed and answered with a glorious, joyous celebration of blackness.	April 16, 2019
Brent Hankins	fresh	The Lamplight Review	Already a visionary director, Coogler has outdone himself with a film that fits into the larger Marvel universe while retaining a sense of confidence and identity all its own.	April 9, 2019
Wendy Shreve	fresh	Featuring Film	Black Panther strikes a chord for humanity.	April 5, 2019
Rachael Mead	fresh	InDaily	Black Panther is visually stunning, drawing artistic inspiration from every part of the African continent. But perhaps what is most impressive about the film is the villain and the political dilemma catalysed by his claim to the throne.	March 18, 2019
Phumlani S Langa	rotten	City Press (South Africa)	The film is painfully average. It does so much in every area but actually tell a riveting story.	March 6, 2019
Ruth Maramis	fresh	FlixChatter Film Blog	Diverse representation alone doesn't make a film automatically good. But Black Panther did the diverse cast justice by giving them something worthy to do in a well-written, thought provoking film.	March 2, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	"Black Panther" is a beautiful paean to big-budget auteurism, a film that manages to fit within the boundaries of the MCU [Marvel Cinematic Universe] while also being a very personal expression.	February 7, 2019
Alex Maidy	rotten	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	It does nothing truly distinct from every other Marvel Studios offering, I will be first in line. If they think they can sucker me into paying for outdated special effects and a movie I have seen many times over, they have another thing coming.	February 6, 2019
David Hogan	fresh	hoganreviews.co.uk	It's weird and brilliant to say that a Black Panther film is properly a good film, able to stand on its own and add to the overall Marvel Cinematic Universe. Top marks.	February 3, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Ryan Coogler has permanently stitched himself into the Hollywood fabric as one of the most innovative directors stretching across multiple genres. What Coogler does with Black Panther is inspiring, admirable and transformative.	February 3, 2019
Filipe Freitas	fresh	Always Good Movies	The film completely integrates ancient rituals and traditions with sober sci-fi and modern technology.	February 1, 2019
Andrea Thompson	fresh	Cultured Vultures	[Black Panther] is one of the richest, most vibrant worldbuilding I've ever seen on the big screen, with a story that embraces African customs and life in a way that makes no apologies.	January 29, 2019
Kyle Pinion	fresh	The Beat	This is a piece of history you really want to be a part of.	January 26, 2019
Emmanuel Noisette	fresh	The Movie Blog	The film's futuristic depiction of black/African culture is nothing short of amazing. Especially since we've never seen anything like it on the big screen. Despite some CGI flaws, the direction, acting, story, and design is phenomenal.	January 24, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	Rotoscopers	The characters are strong and it asks questions that will have you thinking long after you left the theater. It's not just a good superhero movie but a good thoughtful movie full of diverse and interesting perspectives.	January 19, 2019
Evan Dossey	fresh	Midwest Film Journal	Possibly Marvel's best.	January 19, 2019
Nathalia Aryani	fresh	San Diego Entertainer	One of the best, most important superhero movies of all time.	January 19, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	The best thing about Black Panther is that it tries to tear away itself from the monstruous franchise, by having a very cool spirit of its own. [Full review in Spanish]	January 11, 2019
Lawrence Ware	fresh	New York Times	"Black Panther" lived up to the hype.	January 9, 2019
Emily Asher-Perrin	fresh	Tor.com	You could call it Shakespearean, you could call it mythic, but that's not where the film lives. It's not about the broad strokes, it's about the details.	January 8, 2019
Matt Brunson	fresh	Film Frenzy	A heady mix of William Shakespeare and Walt Disney -- and with a few James Bond gadgets added to sweeten the deal -- it ventures far beyond wham-bam-thank-you-Stan territory.	January 8, 2019
John Beifuss	fresh	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	An international box-office blockbuster that ignited like a blast of cultural vibranium in the ugly face of resurgent global racism... At this point, 'Wakanda forever!' feels like not just a boast but a prophecy.	January 7, 2019
Tim Stevens	fresh	Comicsverse	From a narrative standpoint, the Ryan Coogler-directed film is head and shoulders above its predecessors.	December 31, 2018
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	Black Panther is a triumph for many reasons, but most importantly, because it's a damn fine movie.	December 21, 2018
Sheraz Farooqi	fresh	ComicBook Debate	Impressive story, great actors, an amazing director and a powerful message culminate to create a truly beautiful experience	December 12, 2018
Pablo Fernandez	fresh	Vix	is the most singular and daring movie of the MCU. [Full review in Spanish]	December 10, 2018
Colby Bryant	fresh	Colbybryant.com	It addresses the topics of race, colonization, isolationism, exploitation, vengeance, social justice, and countless other topics in creative ways that don't feel forced.	December 8, 2018
John Hanlon	fresh	Big Hollywood	An exciting and refreshing superhero movie that stands out as one of the year's best films.	November 20, 2018
Brian Gill	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	Black Panther displays all the best elements of the previous Marvel films while also improving upon the formula stylistically and in terms of character strength, particularly the Killmonger, the best villain we've yet seen in this universe.	November 16, 2018
Sharronda Williams	fresh	Pay Or Wait	Black Panther was an entertaining and enlightening film to watch. This film delivers on all levels from the amazing costumes and set pieces all the way down...	November 12, 2018
Kt Schaefer	fresh	Substream Magazine	Ryan Coogler infused this epic superhero story with a distinctly black identity that is fiercely proud and unafraid to confront the failings of American culture when it comes to the treatment of African-Americans.	November 7, 2018
Matt Ward	fresh	Cinematic Considerations	Black Panther is a quintessential superhero film, and an above-average one at that, but it isn't a cinematic revelation.	November 5, 2018
Debbie Lynn Elias	fresh	Behind The Lens	With the prowess and stealth of a jungle cat, BLACK PANTHER pounces into the Marvel canon with exhilarating, action-packed, edge of your seat excitement and entertainment!	November 3, 2018
Matt Oakes	fresh	Silver Screen Riot	A historic landmark of representation and inclusion on the big screen.	November 1, 2018
PJ Nabarro	fresh	Patrick Nabarro	Within its limited remit, Black Panther is comfortably one of the best superhero films of recent years (not a difficult mantle), and further establishes Coogler's credentials.	October 31, 2018
Cameron Frew	fresh	FrewFilm	Early into the new year and Marvel have produced another truly exemplary outing - a refreshing change of style that'll have audiences begging for more	October 31, 2018
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	It goes above and beyond the expected MCU template...and sends a message of empowerment and progressivism that is desperately needed in today's culture.	October 31, 2018
Khal Davenport	fresh	Complex	This is without a doubt one of the best Marvel Studios releases, and low-key feels like the beginning of something different for the company.	October 31, 2018
VyceVictus	fresh	Lewton Bus	Black Panther is all at once another formulaic superhero movie and a revolutionary achievement for modern blockbusters, introducing weighty elements such as racism, the African diaspora, and colonialism into the well worn superhero template.	October 31, 2018
Bob Chipman	fresh	Geek	A genuine masterpiece of popcorn filmmaking that raises the bar really high for 2018 blockbusters and a near-perfect version of... well, itself.	October 31, 2018
Zaki Hasan	fresh	Sequart	Part political thriller, part palace intrigue, and part superhero epic, Ryan Coogler has made an early-year blockbuster that's both visually stunning and profoundly personal.	October 31, 2018
Johnny Gayzmonic	fresh	Fanboys of the Universe	It's not just a leap forward for representation of people of color or women in the superhero genre; it could be a leap forward for the genre as a whole.	October 30, 2018
Sean Mulvihill	fresh	FanboyNation.com	It's a really good piece of pop entertainment. It may not be a revolutionary piece of filmmaking, but it's a revolutionary moment in representation on the screen and if you can't acknowledge that I don't know what to say to you.	October 30, 2018
Joel Mayward	fresh	Cinemayward	The world-building of Wakanda is wondrous.	October 29, 2018
Doug Jamieson	fresh	The Jam Report	A film which may just be Marvel's boldest and most distinctive offering yet.	October 28, 2018
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	This is a fully realized, stand-alone story with rich characters and a wonderful new world to explore.	October 26, 2018
Clint Worthington	fresh	The Spool	Black Panther is a solid, if far from perfect, superhero film, a Marvel flick with a muscular political backbone and a clear sense of its own identity.	October 26, 2018
Aaron Leggo	fresh	Sloths and Movies	There are a lot of corporate interests that need be served here and yet Coogler has made a blockbuster that feels deeply personal and pertinent to the times we live in.	October 16, 2018
Tomas Trussow	fresh	The Lonely Film Critic	It's so nice to see a Marvel film scripted and shot with some semblance of care, keeping some of the spectacle without sacrificing all of the substance.	October 12, 2018
Nguyen Le	fresh	InSession Film	Black Panther demonstrates the result of letting the oft-overlooked give the formula a whirl - marvelous, pun heck-to-the-yes intended. Statement-making, even.	October 11, 2018
Alan French	fresh	We Bought a Blog	Coogler is a director that may make better films than this one, but it will be hard to ever envision a world where he creates something so meaningful to so many people.	October 10, 2018
Leona Laurie	fresh	Geek Girl Authority	A big win for representation on screen & behind the scenes, my only criticism is that I like the women better than the lead. Fingers crossed for girl power in the sequel.	September 17, 2018
Ross Miller	fresh	The National (Scotland)	This thrilling Marvel outing packs an intense punch, with style and personality to spare and a real stamp of cultural impact.	September 10, 2018
Funmi Sunmonu	fresh	Add This To Your List	This movie came and did the damn thing... Everybody killed it.	September 7, 2018
Danielle Radford	fresh	Screen Junkies	Seeing so many wonderful, powerful, amazing characters that are well written and the fact that they were able to do a movie that was Black for Marvel and that it was good exceeded my expectations.	August 30, 2018
Roth Cornet	fresh	Screen Junkies	With Black Panther, [Coogler] took really, really strong material here and elevated it once again.	August 30, 2018
Jared Mobarak	fresh	BuffaloVibe	Black Panther is more espionage thriller with political coup than fantasy action adventure. [It's] first and foremost about humanity.	August 28, 2018
Mark Kermode	fresh	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	You could feel like everybody felt like they were making something that they were really proud of.	August 28, 2018
Hope Madden	fresh	Columbus Underground	Not a minute of the film is wasted. Coogler manages to pack each with enough backstory, breathless action, emotional heft and political weight to fill three films.	August 28, 2018
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	Black Panther is a study in how to use comic-based material to do something that is both very entertaining and very heady.	August 28, 2018
Akhil Arora	fresh	Gadgets360	Coogler knows fully too well the reach of something like Black Panther, and he uses the Marvel canvas to paint a bigger - but more importantly, a powerful - picture.	August 28, 2018
Adam Epstein	fresh	Quartz	It's the most formidable Marvel film to date; a cinematic artifact that feels like it shouldn't belong to the corporate superhero apparatus. But it's really exciting to know that it does.	August 27, 2018
Nicholas Bell	fresh	IONCINEMA.com	Black Panther is performed with all the same tenor as a Shakespearean tragedy, issues of familial obligation, fate, and impossible rifts creating the dramatic vortex underneath a greenscreen veneer which creates moments of fleckless beauty.	August 27, 2018
Robert Daniels	fresh	812filmreviews	But Black Panther was a moment, not just for Marvel fans and Disney stans, but it was the rare instance of a film purporting itself to be a cultural movement, and succeeding.	August 27, 2018
Terence Johnson	fresh	Le Noir Auteur	Coogler's got a great visual eye, and teaming up with Rachel Morrison again yields some lovely camera work, but his true gift is drawing performances from actors and world building.	August 27, 2018
Kiera Allen	fresh	Daily Journal (Kankakee, IL)	Longtime fans, newcomers and moviegoers alike will find this film emotional, mesmerizing and refreshing yet familiar. It'll quickly become the new movie you'll want to watch again and again.	August 26, 2018
Alci Rengifo	fresh	Entertainment Voice	Black Panther has everything you would want from a great blockbuster, but because it is thoughtful and even challenging in its subtexts, it adds more to its value as a groundbreaking film in its genre.	August 26, 2018
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	This isn't just a Marvel movie, but a historic mark in Black cinema.	August 25, 2018
Kimberly Pierce	fresh	Geek Girl Authority	Coogler's script ... populates the film with some of the most fun and interesting characters in the Marvel series to date.	August 25, 2018
Annie Banks	fresh	Glue Magazine	Black Panther is a cinematic triumph. It dominates and overcomes racial and social barriers while executing a superhero film.	August 25, 2018
Khari J. Sampson	fresh	Gwinnett Daily Post (GA)	"Black Panther" absolutely meets muster. Royally so. It's one of the very best of the genre.	August 24, 2018
Stephanie Watts	fresh	One Room With A View	With a stacked cast, breathtaking production design and sensitive, heartfelt storytelling, Black Panther is a refreshing and exciting movie that promises to take the superhero genre to new heights.	August 24, 2018
Deirdre Crimmins	fresh	Daily Grindhouse	A vastly entertaining superhero movie with a new hero who is easy to root for.	August 21, 2018
Mae Abdulbaki	fresh	Movies with Mae	Coogler's film is a visual masterpiece and also very impactful. Boasted by a phenomenal cast, it's easily the best Marvel film to date.	August 21, 2018
Lisa Johnson Mandell	fresh	AtHomeInHollywood.com	What really blew me away was the women. Physically, mentally, spiritually, socially-it's the females in this film who truly conquer, while the men spend a lot of time grappling with each other in the mud.	August 21, 2018
Jazz Tangcay	fresh	Awards Daily	Black Panther is on such a superb level of visual excellence, you may find yourself salivating.	August 20, 2018
Kathryn Reklis	fresh	The Christian Century	The movie lives up to its hype. It excels as a superhero action film while pressing the boundaries of what the superhero genre can say about politics, diversity, and the power of fantasy to shape moral imagination.	August 20, 2018
Lapacazo Sandoval	fresh	New York Amsterdam News	Under Ryan Coogler's sturdy direction, the nuances and details of the Black Panther storyline are impeccable. Structure firmly in place, there isn't a stereotype on the screen. It's a game changer.	August 20, 2018
Mikey Mason	fresh	Geeks of Color	Marvel's Black Panther film means so much to so many people. The film is a lightning rod of representation, in a time where black people feel so belittled and not paid attention to.	August 14, 2018
Tom Santilli	fresh	AXS.com	Coogler does the character of Black Panther justice, and in doing so has applied a defibrillator to the heart of the Marvel Movie Universe.	August 14, 2018
A.S. Hamrah	fresh	n+1	The present-day need for new myths is laid bare in Black Panther.	July 27, 2018
Clover Hope	fresh	The Muse/Jezebel	Black Panther distinguishes itself from other Marvel movies by granting its characters deep-seated motivations that extend past borders and generations.	June 13, 2018
Wesley Lovell	fresh	Cinema Sight	Even without the franchise best production design, costumes, cinematography, and effects, "Black Panther" has a compelling story at its heart that makes both heroes and villains relatable.	June 10, 2018
Tom Fitzgerald and Lorenzo Marquez	fresh	Tom & Lorenzo	It is a beautifully shot family melodrama with a uniformly excellent cast imbuing every scene and interaction with affection, fear, or anger so deep, you feel it as if you were watching your own family suffer.	June 6, 2018
Annalee Newitz	fresh	Ars Technica	Thanks to this smart, deftly told yarn, we get satisfying and complex answers. And we're left wanting more.	May 21, 2018
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	A story of diversity, family and compassion, Black Panther roars onto the screen at a million miles an hour.	May 21, 2018
TK Burton	fresh	Pajiba	Black Panther is a beautiful, meticulously created, gorgeously shot, incredibly detailed, terrifically acted, brilliantly directed movie.	May 18, 2018
Rob Gonsalves	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Boseman more or less gives the movie to Jordan and to the many beautiful, brilliant women surrounding him.	May 17, 2018
Anna Deavere Smith	fresh	The New York Review of Books	Without the technological accomplishments in film that predate Black Panther, its captivating beauty, breathtaking views, and edge-of-your-seat moments would not be possible.	May 16, 2018
James Kendrick	fresh	Q Network Film Desk	There is a lot that is fairly generic in the film, especially in the action sequences, but you can always sense Coogler's investment in the characters and what they stand for.	April 26, 2018
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	Even if it's overrun by too-elaborate designs and animation, the plot, characters and ideas are strong enough to overcome the digital onslaught.	April 24, 2018
Damian Levy	fresh	Jamaica Gleaner	For a comic book movie you hope for a few things. You hope it's well balanced, with good action, and maybe makes you want to see it at least a second time. Black Panther supersedes all that, and delivers perhaps the best superhero film of the decade.	April 23, 2018
Carmen Phillips	fresh	Autostraddle	I want us to love on Black Panther, bravely and openly. But, we cannot forget the asterisk. We cannot forget that a significant achievement for black representation once again came on the back of forced black queer silence.	April 20, 2018
John Serba	fresh	MLive.com	It's truly elevating to watch "Black Panther" reveal itself as Marvel's most ambitious movie to date.	April 19, 2018
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	Ryan Coogler's first misfire...	April 16, 2018
Loren King	fresh	Newport This Week (RI)	Black Panther hits many high notes as a superhero movie, but it also contains a hopeful message about the tribe of humanity.	April 6, 2018
Cole Smithey	rotten	ColeSmithey.com	[PODCAST] "Black Panther" is forgettable as it is toxic. To pretend otherwise is pure folly.	March 27, 2018
Jason Di Rosso	fresh	The Hub on Screen	Black Panther is on another level altogether.	March 21, 2018
Sarah Ward	fresh	Concrete Playground	An entertaining, engaging and impassioned movie that is both proud of and confident in its differences, and is also committed to shining the spotlight on the people that blockbuster cinema so often ignores.	March 20, 2018
Matthew Pejkovic	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	Delivers on its promise as a superhero movie of action, thought and influence.	March 20, 2018
Shaun Munro	fresh	Flickering Myth	At once a landmark for the representation of black bodies on the big screen at a premium price point and a terrifically crafted entertainment in its own right, director Ryan Coogler ably delivers on the enormous expectations laid before him.	March 19, 2018
Molly Laich	fresh	Missoula Independent	Even soulless, Easter-egg hating film snobs like me can find a lot to admire in Black Panther.	March 15, 2018
Monique Jones	fresh	Slashfilm	Run, don't walk, to the theater to see Black Panther. This is not hyperbole. It's just that good. Heck, saying it's just "good" is underselling it.	March 14, 2018
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	It's difficult to measure the importance of a film like this - and it's a relief that, besides being so relevant, this is such a great movie. [Full review in Portuguese.]	March 9, 2018
Alexis Nedd	fresh	Cosmopolitan	Black Panther is groundbreaking in a multitude of ways.	March 7, 2018
Jim Lane	fresh	Sacramento News & Review	That novel strain of black empowerment, and a powerhouse supporting cast ... are enough to compensate for all the usual cliches and paint-by-number action scenes.	March 7, 2018
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Laced with political messages, Black Panther is a film to be admired for its rich, compelling story.	March 7, 2018
Amelia Navascues	fresh	Triple J	Who would have thought that taking a risk would actually work.	March 6, 2018
J. Olson	fresh	Cinemixtape	Coogler's screenplay (co-written by Joe Robert Cole) gets T'Challa and Erik's conflict exactly right.	March 6, 2018
Ruben Peralta Rigaud	fresh	Cocalecas	Fantastic use of colors, costumes, sounds and music. [Full review in Spanish]	March 2, 2018
Michael Sragow	fresh	Film Comment Magazine	Black Panther gives off a contemporary crackle while staying true to its roots, both African and Marvel.	March 2, 2018
Daniel Krauze	fresh	El Financiero	Black Panther is a superhero film with a nuanced, intelligent discourse and, as it is revealed at the end, proactive. [Full review in Spanish]	March 2, 2018
Robert Evers	fresh	PopMatters	Black Panther is a joy of of a film, a pleasure to watch, get lost in, and revisit, with a diverse and lovable cast of characters, sumptuous visuals, and an engrossing story.	March 1, 2018
Diane Pershing	fresh	Malibu Times	The fact that Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira, Forest Whitaker and Martin Freeman are all deeply committed to their roles only makes Black Panther more effective for audiences of all colors, and an important statement.	March 1, 2018
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	'Black Panther' is a Marvel-ous masterpiece.	February 27, 2018
Jos Martn	fresh	El antepenltimo mohicano	In short, Black Panther emerges as a great cinematic triumph. [Full review in Spanish]	February 26, 2018
Rafael Rosales Santos	fresh	Konexin	Black Panther is good, but it's not the greatest film of the MCU. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 26, 2018
Carlos Daz Reyes	fresh	Vanguardia (Mexico)	One of the best comic adaptations we have ever seen. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 26, 2018
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	Comes as close as a film possibly can to sloughing off all of the problems that persistently cling to this franchise.	February 26, 2018
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Cinencuentro	Emotional, occasionally funny, and narratively unpredictable... I doubt any other blockbuster will manage to surpass Black Panther this year. [Full review in Spanish]	February 26, 2018
Lee Jutton	fresh	Film Inquiry	The majority of moviegoers want to see films led by strong, intelligent characters that are more diverse than just heterosexual white men, especially when they are as thoughtfully and beautifully made as this one.	February 24, 2018
Bob Grimm	fresh	Reno News and Review	Some of those punches Killmonger throws have a definite Adonis Creed look to them.	February 24, 2018
Hanif Abdurraqib	fresh	4Columns	This expansiveness is what is most thrilling about Black Panther: the film gives all of its black characters the space to be several things at once. To be both king and failure. Villain and revolutionary. Genius and warrior.	February 23, 2018
Frederic and Mary Ann Brussat	fresh	Spirituality and Practice	A superhero movie that raises key questions about the responsibilities of a nation to the rest of the world.	February 23, 2018
Tony Macklin	fresh	tonymacklin.net	Move over Star Wars. A new force is with us.	February 23, 2018
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	It goes beyond the usual popcorn superhero film by being more complex, yet still keeps the winning genre formula.	February 23, 2018
Beth Accomando	fresh	KPBS.org	Black Panther is the superhero film we need now, one that mixes entertainment with social awareness. It serves up a powerful but flawed hero, a villain we sympathize with and strong female characters.	February 22, 2018
Juanma Fernndez Pars	fresh	El Nuevo Da (Puerto Rico)	What [Ryan] Coogler and his cast have achieved with this film is so rewarding and distinctive. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 22, 2018
tt stern-enzi	fresh	Dayton CityPaper	This version of Black Panther weaves a seemingly disparate set of strands together rather seamlessly, presenting more than enough comic book acrobatics and mayhem to satisfy the core fan base while also speaking a necessary degree of truth to power.	February 22, 2018
Jake Pesaruk	fresh	Vue Weekly (Edmonton, Alberta)	Black Panther is not only an achievement in superhero films, but also the entire medium of filmmaking itself.	February 22, 2018
Helen Lewis	fresh	New Statesman	Black Panther is not just smart and politically aware for a superhero film -- it's smart and politically aware, full stop.	February 22, 2018
Stuart Klawans	fresh	The Nation	The feelings of loss and envy running through the film...add a level of emotional complexity to Black Panther beyond anything you might reasonably have expected.	February 22, 2018
Namwali Serpell	fresh	The New York Review of Books	Rather than reflecting or distorting a world, this technology builds a world and then lets it fall away. I cannot think of a better metaphor than black sand for a diaspora, a word that comes from a "scattering" yet has come to signify unity and solidarity	February 22, 2018
Esau McCaulley	fresh	Christianity Today	Killmonger is such a compelling antagonist because audiences are left to wonder whether to see him as a criminal or the inevitable outcome of society's past sins.	February 22, 2018
Alex Doenau	fresh	Trespass	Black Panther gives you everything that you want from a Marvel movie, but it goes just that little bit further to sink its claws in and reward its unsuspecting audience.	February 22, 2018
Gary Dowell	fresh	Dark Horizons	There's a visual richness that expands Marvel's movie universe much the way Doctor Strange and the Guardians movies did, in this case with a beautiful blend of Afro-futurism and African mythical elements.	February 21, 2018
Tara Thorne	fresh	The Coast (Halifax, Nova Scotia)	... it's clear that Coogler has the confidence of a filmmaker twice his age, and the skills to pull it off.	February 21, 2018
Dorothy Woodend	fresh	The Tyee (British Columbia)	I have to admit that it is rare to feel any kind of genuine emotion in a superhero film, but Black Panther achieves that very thing.	February 21, 2018
Al Hoff	fresh	Pittsburgh City Paper	Normally I'm inclined to not see comic-book movies in the first place, but this is one I'd like to see a second time.	February 21, 2018
Kristen Lopez	fresh	Culturess	Black Panther isn't just a great movie for the first half of the year; Black Panther is the best movie Marvel's ever made!	February 21, 2018
Lauren Terry	fresh	Willamette Week	Black Panther is a larger-than-fiction experience that challenges audiences to see the difference between diversity as a numbers game and the splendor of a piece of art that was created for everyone by everyone.	February 21, 2018
Kam Williams	fresh	Baret News	Simply 'Marvel'-ous!	February 21, 2018
Margot Harrison	fresh	Seven Days	Moral complexity is not new to superhero movies, but this may be the first one in which the hero unabashedly changes his worldview and tactics after learning a few hard truths from the villain.	February 21, 2018
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	This is a big budget film directed by a black man, with a black superhero and a largely black cast. This kind of black power is something so rare in movies that it seemed like I was watching a foreign film, made in Wakanda, rather than Hollywood.	February 21, 2018
William Venegas	fresh	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	Black Panther is the best Marvel movie to date. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 21, 2018
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	It's very long, but, unlike some of the Marvel movies, it's neither bloated nor convoluted. Instead, it's proud ... Thankfully there aren't a lot of references to other Marvel properties. Iron Man doesn't zip in and save the day. Can you imagine?	February 21, 2018
Luis Martnez	fresh	El Mundo (Spain)	It is paradoxical that both Letitia Wright and Lupita Nyong'o and, above all, the villain embodied by Michael B. Jordan, look more and are better than Black Panther himself. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 20, 2018
Jonathan Snchez	fresh	Butaca Ancha	Black Panther is one of the best superhero films ever made and it makes clear to us that what's next for Avengers: Infinity War will be a full-scale phenomenon. [Full review in Spanish]	February 20, 2018
Jeff Beck	rotten	The Blu Spot	Black Panther was certainly an intriguing idea, but with its fundamental defects, it just isn't able to achieve the heights it desperately tries to reach.	February 20, 2018
Alejandro Turdo	fresh	EscribiendoCine	Black Panther raises the bar for the next set of superhero movies. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 20, 2018
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	At all times Coogler understands that the most important thing is not simply to tell a story but everything that the story entails, all the characters, and the whole world that surrounds it. [Full review in Spanish]	February 20, 2018
Erick Ortiz	fresh	Butaca Ancha	Speaks to all in favor of helping countries in need, opening borders and breaking down walls. [Full review in Spanish]	February 20, 2018
Andre Meadows	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	Everything is pieced together so nicely, for a Marvel movie, in a way that I never would have expected. To be this many movies into Marvel, and you're still giving me a movie that surprised me? That's pretty good.	February 20, 2018
Brian Grubb	fresh	Uproxx	Black Panther is a good movie. A really good movie, to be specific, in about three or four different ways.	February 20, 2018
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	"Black Panther" is a cultural landmark, a big-budget Hollywood blockbuster that embraces and celebrates an Afro-centric worldview without shying away from the tensions surrounding race, class and gender in the world today.	February 20, 2018
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	Centers its narrative not on superheroes, but on family, the sins of our fathers, and the flawed heroes they can be.	February 20, 2018
Sarah Marrs	fresh	Lainey Gossip	We've waited for Black Panther for a long time, and it delivers on Every. Single. Level.	February 19, 2018
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	Black Panther feels like the right movie we need... right now.	February 19, 2018
Ernesto Diezmartinez	rotten	Cine Vrtigo	The problem is that this laudable political discourse ends up drowning a film that has its best moments not around the noble T'Challa, but around the great villain of the film... Michael B. Jordan. [Full review in Spanish]	February 19, 2018
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	As with very few in the genre, this is a game-changer.	February 19, 2018
Andy Lea	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	We're now 10 years and 18 movies into Marvel's expanding "cinematic universe" and it's beginning to show its age. Now the Black Panther is taking his claws to the old formula.	February 19, 2018
Matthew Rozsa	fresh	Salon.com	When it comes to creative visuals, engaging action and likable characters, "Black Panther" stands confidently next to the best fare offered up by the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	February 19, 2018
Sean Burns	fresh	Spliced Personality	Jordan *hurts* in this movie. He aches in a way our bullet-proof, melancholy Prince could never begin to understand, lashing out at the very fantasy this comic book movie represents. This wonderfully messy film is actually angry at itself.	February 19, 2018
Tom Shone	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	Coogler has brought off something impressive here: he's made one of the few halfway watchable Marvel movies and returned the comic strip to the streets where it belongs.	February 19, 2018
Andrea Chase	fresh	Killer Movie Reviews	balances the mystical and profane elements of the story, giving them equal weight in a challenging story in which the definitions of wisdom and of compassion become the real struggle.	February 19, 2018
Tim Martain	fresh	The Mercury	Didn't wow me quite as much as some of the other Marvel superhero movies, but that is because this movie that puts story and solid character development ahead of spectacle.	February 19, 2018
Jordan Ruimy	rotten	World of Reel	"Black Panther" doesn't live up to the hype.	February 19, 2018
Aine O'Connor	fresh	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	I confess to superhero fatigue but this diversity fest is refreshing -- it takes on race and gender, it's quite serious, both in terms of politics and lack of humour, but it is well made by director Ryan Coogler, [and] has lots of action and heart.	February 18, 2018
Pete Vonder Haar	fresh	Houston Press	Coogler [...]has created an epic story of loyalty and destiny that somehow also feels intimate.	February 18, 2018
Diva Velez	fresh	TheDivaReview.com	BLACK PANTHER is an incredible and important moment that will mean very much to very many, and is, at its core, simply a great time at the movies, with the potential to be even more in well-deserved sequels.	February 18, 2018
Robin Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	Nothing that I say will may a bit of difference to the MCU fans and, especially, those of the Panther. But, as an outsider and non-fan of the Universe, I kind of enjoyed it.	February 18, 2018
Christopher Orr	fresh	The Atlantic	Whether or not this is the best film Marvel Studios has made to date-and it is clearly in the discussion-it is by far the most thought-provoking.	February 18, 2018
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	The emphasis on identity politics and the social critique of White America, gives Coogler a little space to fashion something distinctive - a different flavour of Marvel movie if you will, with a great new taste, even if the ingredients are well known.	February 17, 2018
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	It's big, bold and brazenly political, in a way that will make viewers think instead of simply shrug their shoulders and wait for the next action-packed set piece.	February 17, 2018
Katherine Monk	fresh	Ex-Press.com	Black Panther is the percussion blast we all need right now, so tip your hat to Ryan Coogler, the director and co-writer of a modern classic that addresses the deep fault lines in American society without compromising action movie fundamentals.	February 17, 2018
Eli Glasner	fresh	CBC News	Black Panther isn't a film about battling a giant robot or chasing magic stones. Instead, it explores issues of power and privilege, taking us inside a country torn apart by questions about whether to share its riches.	February 17, 2018
Alachia Queen	fresh	Alachia Queen	Black Panther definitely doesn't do anything outside of the Disney Marvel comfort zone but it's as solid a film as a super hero origin story can be.	February 17, 2018
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	Chadwick Boseman is the star of the movie but he is fighting a losing battle against scene stealers such as Michael B Jordan, Letitia Wright and Sterling K. Brown.	February 17, 2018
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	As a superhero film Black Panther is fine entertainment that dutifully hits all the beats it is supposed to. Beyond that, anyone willing to decode the film as some sort of sophisticated allegory about black rights might find themselves tied up in knots.	February 17, 2018
Craig Takeuchi	fresh	Georgia Straight	... director Ryan Coogler (Creed) enlivens what could have been a tired rehashing of familiar tropes with a bracing blast of fresh elements.	February 17, 2018
Rubin Safaya	fresh	Cinemalogue	...there's a constant, nagging deference to action sequences. But what Coogler does right, in spite of everything working against him, is almost breath-taking in context.	February 17, 2018
Roe McDermott	fresh	Hot Press	A masterful, entertaining and brilliantly smart Marvel instalment, Black Panther is the superhero film we need right now. We may not deserve it.	February 17, 2018
Randall King	fresh	Winnipeg Free Press	Marvel's world-building energy is actually focused in exciting and provocative ways, reflecting African culture and experience in the film's amazing production design.	February 17, 2018
Udita Jhunjhunwala	fresh	Scroll.in	The special effects, sets, costumes, music and production design are bombastic and overpowering at times. Yet, it's also one of the more well-rounded superhero origin films - with a beginning, middle and open end that efficiently sets itself up.	February 17, 2018
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	Director/co-writer Ryan Coogler has delivered a picture that earns its spot as one of Marvel's best yet.	February 16, 2018
J. R. Jones	fresh	Chicago Reader	The identity politics provide a fresh spin to the genre's increasingly tedious narrative formula.	February 16, 2018
Matthew Norman	fresh	London Evening Standard	If it isn't indisputably the best of Marvel's 18 offerings, it is certainly a contender.	February 16, 2018
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	One of the most immensely gratifying experiences in comic-book cinema.	February 16, 2018
Piers Marchant	fresh	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	The world is a constantly evolving place, as the films seem to acknowledge, and to not address that cold reality is to treat the films as mere comic-book fodder than what they have come to be: the narrative epoch of our time.	February 16, 2018
Jazmine Joyner	fresh	Slashfilm	This is one of the best stories Marvel has told so far.	February 16, 2018
Charles Pulliam-Moore	fresh	io9.com	Black Panther would not have been as strong a movie if it didn't contemplate those heavier concepts, but the film also never misses a beat to be absolutely joyous and reverent about Wakanda's magnificence.	February 16, 2018
Michael Fairbanks	fresh	The Young Folks	Black Panther is going to be a cornerstone of blockbuster cinema, giving a criminally undervalued community the chance to not just be on-screen but to thrive on-screen.	February 16, 2018
Jenni Moore	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Ryan Coogler's Black Panther is one huuuge gem, and comes closer to achieving truth and realness in its story than any Marvel film has before.	February 16, 2018
Anthony Lane	fresh	New Yorker	Jordan has swagger to spare, with those rolling shoulders, but there's a breath of charm, too, all the more seductive in the overblown atmosphere of Marvel. He's twice as pantherish as the Panther.	February 16, 2018
Peter Sobczynski	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Black Panther is more than good enough and not only does it live up to those sky-high expectations, it pretty much exceeds them. The rare areas in which it stumbles are things that can be easily adjusted before the arrival of the inevitable sequel.	February 16, 2018
Peter Rainer	fresh	Christian Science Monitor	Coogler is trying for a lot of things in Black Panther, probably too many, but there is also a winning modesty to his ambition.	February 16, 2018
Max Weiss	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	I loved spending a couple of hours in the Black Panther's magical, transformative world. Mark me down as someone who wants Wakanda to stay isolated.	February 16, 2018
Armond White	rotten	National Review	Black Panther turns racial politics into what Malcolm X called "politricks" . . . The media's enthusiasm for this bland action flick is maddening. The problem isn't one particular movie, but the celebration of the illusion of "progress."	February 16, 2018
Saskia Baron	rotten	The Arts Desk	What's the problem? Well, there's way too much expository dialogue and there are too many turgid flashbacks...the hand-to-hand fighting and battle sequences are now so formulaic and predictable in Marvel films that the adrenaline just doesn't kick in.	February 16, 2018
Brooke Corso	fresh	The Monitor (McAllen, TX)	Black Panther definitely warrants multiple viewings - one just for the visual roller-coaster ride, and sets itself apart from the rest of the MCU with a formidable blend of good story and magnificent design.	February 16, 2018
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	As a formal showcase for the Black Panther, Coogler's film should keep diehard Marvel fans happy.	February 16, 2018
Bernard Boo	fresh	PopMatters	[Ryan] Coogler is one of the most exciting young filmmakers we've seen in a long time, and as long as he continues to tell his truth, he's going to go on to have a magnificent career.	February 16, 2018
Tom Meek	fresh	Cambridge Day	In short, it's a game go, with some nicely layered-in barbs about the state of race relations, and there's a mound of Oscar gold to be found among the impressive (mostly African-American) cast.	February 16, 2018
Leonard Maltin	fresh	leonardmaltin.com	Black Panther is, culturally and commercially, the right film at the right time. The significance of bringing a black superhero to the screen at this moment cannot be overstated. Any reservations I have will, and possibly should, fall by the wayside	February 16, 2018
Neil Miller	fresh	Film School Rejects	Black Panther isn't just another superhero movie.	February 16, 2018
Sergio Lpez Aguirre	fresh	Cine Premiere	The film manages to transcend beyond a story of superheroes. [Full review in Spanish]	February 16, 2018
Masego Panyane	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	The film could not have come at a better time. And it does something incredibly important: it allows black artists the opportunity to be front and centre in the telling of stories about black people.	February 16, 2018
Jamal-Dean Grootboom	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	Black Panther goes leaps and bounds above what was expected. The reason is not only because it is the best Marvel solo movie. It is deeper than that.	February 16, 2018
Matt Miller	fresh	Esquire Magazine	And when it comes to the two leads, [Chadwick] Boseman as Black Panther and [Michael B.] Jordan as Erik Killmonger represent the most complex and fascinating hero-adversary dynamic shown in a superhero film in years.	February 16, 2018
Kanin Srimaneekulroj	fresh	Bangkok Post	While perhaps a tad more serious than its predecessors when it comes to messaging, Black Panther is one of the most enjoyable films in the Marvel franchise.	February 16, 2018
Richard von Busack	fresh	MetroActive	... Black Panther is one remarkably rousing comic book adventure.	February 16, 2018
Eder Campuzano	fresh	Oregonian	"Black Panther" delivers on most every level.	February 16, 2018
Abby Olcese	fresh	Sojourners	Director Ryan Coogler's addition to the Marvel stable is a gorgeously realized experience.	February 16, 2018
Rashid Irani	rotten	Hindustan Times	Expect to leave the theatre more exhausted than entertained.	February 16, 2018
Rain Jokinen	fresh	MullingMovies.com	[H]ype, cultural importance, and expectation aside, Black Panther is an excellent comic book movie. Perhaps one of the best I've ever seen.	February 16, 2018
Kelli Weston	fresh	Sight and Sound	The real stars of Black Panther are its women, both before and behind the camera.	February 16, 2018
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	Black Power indeed...presents some great role models for an underserved audience while promoting an anti-nationalistic message and that's no small thing.	February 16, 2018
Megan Basham	fresh	WORLD	More impressive, with a couple of minor exceptions, the storyline navigates expectations that it would carry themes of racial politics into the Marvel Cinematic Universe with grace and goodwill.	February 16, 2018
Matthew Lickona	fresh	San Diego Reader	Ultimately, it's more interesting to think about than it is to watch.	February 16, 2018
Vesper Arnett	fresh	Brightest Young Things	This movie is not going to let you forget your time in Wakanda.	February 16, 2018
Sandie Angulo Chen	fresh	Common Sense Media	Masterful Marvel film has depth, diversity -- and violence.	February 16, 2018
Stephen Silver	fresh	Splice Today	Much as he did with Creed, Coogler has once again transcended the form and made a whole other kind of great movie.	February 16, 2018
Kiko Martinez	fresh	San Antonio Current	With a talented, majority black cast, a director with a distinctive voice and several technical triumphs, including some incredible costume design ... Black Panther is a superhero highpoint for the history books.	February 16, 2018
Charles Koplinski	fresh	Illinois Times	"Panther" successfully claws its way on screen.	February 16, 2018
Roxana Hadadi	fresh	Chesapeake Family Magazine	Black Panther is a revelation, the first film from the Marvel Cinematic Universe that truly feels like an of-the-moment masterwork that also happens to be a comic book movie.	February 16, 2018
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	The MCU goes woke in grand style with the dazzling Black Panther.	February 16, 2018
Phil Villarreal	rotten	ABC Tucson	Has more in common with the second-tier Marvel tales on Netflix.	February 16, 2018
Kurt Loder	fresh	Reason Online	A ripping action flick on which a great deal of care has been expended.	February 16, 2018
Conor O'Donnell	fresh	The Film Stage	Coogler breathes life into it with a visual and emotional flair that feels like actual substance rather than pomp and circumstance.	February 16, 2018
Sonny Bunch	fresh	Washington Free Beacon	Black Panther is a solid MCU movie, entertaining if somewhat disposable. If you like the rest of these movies ... you'll probably like this one too.	February 16, 2018
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Black Panther boasts a sense of grandeur as it tells a sprawling Shakespearean tale that traverses the political, racial, ideological, familial and fantastical.	February 16, 2018
Steve Crum	fresh	Video-Reviewmaster.com	I had hoped for so much more than what was delivered. The loyal fan base will no doubt think otherwise.	February 16, 2018
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	They will write about this movie and make videos about it, it will be discussed among friends of all ages, all races, all shapes and sizes; it will be taught in school, debated among intellectuals, it will be seen as the moment everything changed.	February 16, 2018
Eric Melin	fresh	The Pitch	... there's so much more to Black Panther than a shrewd movie studio finally recognizing the value of an untapped market.	February 16, 2018
Brian Viner	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	Wildly enjoyable ...	February 16, 2018
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	fresh	Film Festival Today	Most of the time Black Panther delivers a masterful new take on the superhero origin story, fresh in its perspective and energetic in its plotting. I highly recommend.	February 16, 2018
Rebecca Murray	fresh	Showbiz Junkies	Black Panther's important and timely, but more than that it's a hugely entertaining film.	February 16, 2018
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	A powerful, new Marvel superhero arrives in an exciting, exhilarating, socially relevant, Afro-futurist origin story..	February 16, 2018
Lili Loofbourow	fresh	The Week	Black Panther's failures, like its triumphs, are more Shakespearean than superheroic.	February 15, 2018
Tim Appelo	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	In the end, Black Panther is basically a really satisfying thrill ride.	February 15, 2018
John Wenzel	fresh	Denver Post	It's uniquely satisfying popcorn entertainment, a triumphant trifecta of subject matter, talent and timing.	February 15, 2018
Diego Batlle	fresh	La Nacin (Argentina)	...a solid and entertaining film that arrives at the right place at the right time. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 15, 2018
Kirk Baird	fresh	Toledo Blade	Not since Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises has a superhero film so openly expressed politics - not so much ideology but a cultural mood - and taken so many chances.	February 15, 2018
Eric D. Snider	fresh	EricDSnider.com	Full of nobility and purpose without sacrificing fun and charm.... A slam-bang action adventure that also fills a need.	February 15, 2018
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	It's impossible to picture anyone other than Boseman in the lead role - but by god - Michel B. Jordan certainly gives him a run for his money.	February 15, 2018
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	San Francisco Examiner	It's an excellent, proud movie, and it has a lot to be proud of.	February 15, 2018
Carl Kozlowski	fresh	Pasadena Weekly	While Black Panther is undeniably exciting overall, its opening sequences are more convoluted than most MCU films. But from there, there's a lot of compelling, exciting, crowd-pleasing action.	February 15, 2018
Christopher Lawrence	fresh	Las Vegas Review-Journal	Black Panther is an important movie that doesn't feel like being forced to eat kale, thanks to car chases, shootouts and subtle bursts of humor.	February 15, 2018
Mario Alegre	fresh	Prxima Tanda	I don't know -nor care- if this is Marvel's best, but it certainly is the most thoughtful and conscientious look that the studio has given to true life injustices. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 15, 2018
Vincent Mancini	fresh	FilmDrunk	Inhabits a nuanced moral universe with compelling villains and uses the fantastic to grapple with real ideas. I can't believe this is a Marvel movie.	February 15, 2018
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	This is one helping of popular culture in which effects don't dominate every scene and characters have room to breathe. That's good news for Marvel and even better news for those in the audience.	February 15, 2018
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	fresh	Adelaide Review	Black Panther gives the eponymous hero a whole epic to himself and the complicated story of his long-hidden homeland with some pseudo-Shakespearean power struggles.	February 15, 2018
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	Hail Wakanda. Powerful symbolism and visuals, fabulous supporting cast, score produced by Kendrick Lamar. Film is also technical embarrassment of riches.	February 15, 2018
Dwight Brown	fresh	National Newspaper Publishers Association	As a writer/director, Coogler has firmly established that his strength is in creating and developing intimate relationships that capture the viewer's attention.	February 15, 2018
Nick Bhasin	fresh	sbs.com.au	Lupita Nyong'o and Danai Gurira, who play Nakia and Okoye respectively, are particularly fierce, especially in their numerous fight scenes, a rarity for women in a superhero movie outside of Wonder Woman.	February 15, 2018
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	Coogler has played with the age of dilemma of winning freedom through armed struggle versus gaining it through peaceful means. But Black Panther is no Gandhi, he's a superhero with enhanced abilities and a combat suit that James Bond would kill for.	February 15, 2018
Tony Norman	fresh	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	The continent that gave birth to humanity won't look the same on the big screen ever again thanks to the introduction of Wakanda, the fictional home of the most technologically advanced people on the planet.	February 15, 2018
Alex Abad-Santos	fresh	Vox	Coogler and his talented cast and team tell a story that dazzles, one that dares its audience to dream of a world unrestrained by our own stifling reality, without ignoring how the pain of the real world informs those joyful dreams.	February 15, 2018
David Medsker	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	This film is a giant middle finger to all things authoritarian.	February 15, 2018
Jamelle Bouie	fresh	Slate	Black Panther could have been just another Marvel romp-a fun but ultimately disposable entry in the studio's catalogue. But Ryan Coogler and company had the power, and perhaps the responsibility, to do much more. And they did.	February 15, 2018
MaryAnn Johanson	fresh	Flick Filosopher	Classic comic-book stuff made fresh by drawing on underexplored mythologies and cultures, yet still deeply resonant and deeply universal. An exhilarating pulp-fiction dream that ups the ante on the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	February 15, 2018
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	The wildly enjoyable 'Black Panther' claws its way to the top of the Marvel Universe.	February 15, 2018
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	You can feel the sameness of Black Panther ... Watching the film, though, is to see something completely different in the realm of these stories.	February 15, 2018
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	The film per se is correct, but it is not the masterpiece of action cinema that will mark paragons, nor set the bar higher. [Full review in Spanish]	February 15, 2018
Xavi Snchez Pons	fresh	Sensacine	...the free-est film in the MCU. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 15, 2018
Julian Chambliss	fresh	Orlando Weekly	Black Panther is a superhero film that manages to achieve moments of cinematic clarity that all great films do. It is worth your time and it will spark your imagination.	February 15, 2018
Charles Mudede	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	But the most revolutionary thing about Black Panther is its city. The capital of Wakanda has skyscrapers, a monorail, sidewalks of grass, green buildings, farmers markets, and no cars.	February 15, 2018
Odie Henderson	fresh	RogerEbert.com	One of the year's best films, and one that transcends the superhero genre to emerge as an epic of operatic proportions.	February 15, 2018
Calvin Wilson	fresh	St. Louis Post-Dispatch	Believe the hype: "Black Panther" transcends its comic-book origins, achieving a mythic grandeur that's nothing short of exhilarating.	February 15, 2018
Rob Carnevale	fresh	Indie London	It is a landmark moment in blockbuster cinema that couldn't be more timely or more confident in its ability to be so.	February 15, 2018
Ryan Gilbey	fresh	New Statesman	[The] script adheres to the usual genre formula of tomfoolery, in-jokes, mythology and outright poppycock, but their knack for teasing emotional resonance out of standard scenarios gives them the edge over predecessors and competitors alike.	February 15, 2018
Dustin Putman	fresh	TheFilmFile.com	Destined to be celebrated, and for good reason; this may not be the first film featuring a black superhero, but it is groundbreaking all the same for being the first of this scale.	February 15, 2018
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	It's more than just an overdue step of onscreen representation. It's also a rollicking good blockbuster, even if it doesn't quite reinvent the wheel.	February 15, 2018
Maren Longbella	fresh	St. Paul Pioneer Press	"Black Panther" is so worth the hype.	February 15, 2018
Radheyan Simonpillai	fresh	NOW Toronto	A beautiful, hallucinatory sequence, as Killmonger reaches peak villain and assumes his powers, is the most dramatically fraught and heart-wrenching moment in any Marvel movie.	February 15, 2018
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	A fresh new Marvel superhero movie unlike any other.	February 15, 2018
Boon Chan	fresh	The Straits Times (Singapore)	Black Panther is a pretty entertaining film and an important one, even though it stops short of being a great one.	February 15, 2018
Richard Whittaker	fresh	Austin Chronicle	[Chadwick] Boseman carries that moral and emotional weight to reaffirm him as one of Marvel's finest casting choices	February 15, 2018
Alan Zilberman	fresh	Washington City Paper	Like T'Challa's step toward becoming a world leader, Black Panther shows the next generation of comic book films how it's done.	February 15, 2018
Karen D'Souza	fresh	San Jose Mercury News	The richness of the visual palette here is dazzling.	February 15, 2018
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	Will play well across the board and thankfully features more depth than your typical superhero movie fare. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)	February 15, 2018
Robert Horton	fresh	Seattle Weekly	This is serious superhero business. That gravity is the movie's strength and weakness.	February 15, 2018
Dana Barbuto	fresh	The Patriot Ledger	Yes, this "Black Panther" is red-hot. Wakanda forever!	February 15, 2018
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	Daily Film Fix	Forget a lethal presidential Twitter account, King T'Challa has drank some kind of tea made from a Heart-Shaped Herb enabling him to take on an army. "Black Panther" pulls the right emotional levers focusing on the theme of the forgotten and the lost.	February 15, 2018
Shelagh Rowan-Legg	fresh	ScreenAnarchy	Black Panther is a feast for the eyes, the ears, the heart and the mind, a film that has action, heart, substance, and soul.	February 15, 2018
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	In the red, white and blue hue-niverse of superhero colors, black is the new beautiful.	February 15, 2018
Avi Offer	rotten	NYC Movie Guru	An insipid, soulless, and overproduced bore.	February 15, 2018
Rob Hunter	fresh	Film School Rejects	Like the best blockbusters it's flawed but ridiculously entertaining anyway, and like too few of them it's also so incredibly important.	February 15, 2018
Michelle Alexandria	fresh	Eclipse Magazine	Michael B. Jordan gives a hell of a performance. Maybe people will stop blaming him for FF and give him his due. Killmonger is one of the best characters Marvel has ever created. Stop using the Race card to promote this film.	February 15, 2018
Jeffrey Lyles	fresh	Lyles' Movie Files	That's the sound of the game being changed and everyone is going to have to follow the King. This should signal a major change to the superhero film landscape for years.	February 15, 2018
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	A wonderful sense of culture and costumed authority, creating a vibrant solo showcase for the world of Wakanda and all the political turbulence and fierceness it contains.	February 15, 2018
Frank Swietek	fresh	One Guy's Opinion	The good definitely outweighs the problematic here, making for a superhero movie that's definitely one of the better examples of the genre though hardly as groundbreaking as some would claim.	February 15, 2018
Sandy Schaefer	fresh	ScreenRant	Black Panther is a great MCU superhero adventure that smoothly blends rich narrative substance with sheer popcorn entertainment.	February 15, 2018
Dawn Burkes	fresh	Dallas Morning News	This is an origin story, globe-trotting spy thriller and fantasy, all in one. The movie manages to be part of, but something completely different than, the Marvel superhero movies that came before.	February 15, 2018
Andr Hereford	fresh	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	Black Panther is, without a doubt, the coolest superhero movie to come prowling out of Marvel Studios.	February 15, 2018
Nell Minow	fresh	Movie Mom	All hail Ryan Coogler, the Black Panther, the Dora Milaje, and everyone who helped to bring this next-level, majestic, and wildly entertaining superhero movie to life.	February 15, 2018
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	What's honestly amazing about this film is that I'm not thinking about the action, the cool epic moments...I'm thinking about the things that shape these characters into who they become...I have to commend Black Panther, but it's not a film without flaws.	February 15, 2018
Jeremy Jahns	fresh	JeremyJahns.com	Black Panther was fantastic. It has the fun superhero stuff, but that's not really what it's about...they bring you in on a fascinating, colorful, vibrant civilization.	February 15, 2018
Victoria Alexander	rotten	FilmsInReview.com	With a bloated 2 hour, 15 minute running time, Coogler ran out of ideas.	February 15, 2018
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	... while Nyong'o and Wright get the most playfully lively opportunities to charm, it is the fiercely dedicated passion Gurira brings to her portrayal of the warrior Okoye that impressed me the most.	February 15, 2018
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	If Wakanda, invisible to the naked eye yet brimming with futuristic technology that could better the entire planet, is a beautifully depicted metaphor for representation, then Killmonger is a manifestation of African-American pain past and present	February 15, 2018
Matt Donato	fresh	We Got This Covered	Black Panther proves how representation can rejuvenate even the oldest superhero origin arcs, allowing Marvel a victory that still feels every bit a Ryan Coogler film.	February 15, 2018
Dominick Suzanne-Mayer	fresh	Consequence of Sound	There's talent in every corner of the film, and it elevates Black Panther beyond so many of its superhero contemporaries even as it exhibits some formulaic tendencies.	February 14, 2018
Blake Crane	fresh	Film Pulse	A vibrant film that beautifully blends superhero action with a poignant, Shakespearean-in-scope story.	February 14, 2018
Gary Thompson	fresh	Philadelphia Daily News	All of these conflicts are eventually resolved in the conventional framework of a Marvel action movie... More unconventional are Coogler's ideas.	February 14, 2018
Bill Goodykoontz	fresh	Arizona Republic	It is a terrifically entertaining film, alive from the start, following its Marvel mission (for good and bad) while rising above it.	February 14, 2018
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	This is 2018's first great motion picture - a title that will surely be remembered when "end of the year" bests are discussed.	February 14, 2018
Iain McNally	fresh	Starburst	Iron Man tries too hard and Captain America is far too earnest to be cool but Black Panther, both Chadwick Boseman's portrayal of the character and the film that surrounds him, is just effortlessly cool.	February 14, 2018
Joe Gross	fresh	Austin American-Statesman	In Black Panther, Coogler and company have made a superhero picture that's twice as good, twice as smart, twice as fun to look at as any before it. May they get twice the credit and twice the box office.	February 14, 2018
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	That's some complex stuff for a superhero movie, and Coogler and co-screenwriter Joe Robert Cole give it the emotional weight it deserves.	February 14, 2018
Kristian M. Lin	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	The results are astonishing.	February 14, 2018
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	Between Black Panther's Black Lives Matter subtext and its use of female characters as more than window dressing both in front of and behind the camera ... it seems as though Hollywood has, for one shining moment, caught up with the real world.	February 14, 2018
Gavia Baker-Whitelaw	fresh	The Daily Dot	Smart, accessible, and thoroughly fun, Black Panther is a new high for Marvel Studios.	February 14, 2018
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	Black Panther is one of the best superhero movies of the century.	February 14, 2018
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	"Black Panther" is the superhero movie - no, movie, no qualifier necessary - that we need, right here, right now.	February 14, 2018
George Thomas	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	[Ryan] Coogler's overall ambition in crafting a sociologically complex story and presenting it as standard comic book movie fare succeeds: There is nothing common about Black Panther.	February 14, 2018
Michael Sangiacomo	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	[Chadwick] Boseman is perfect as the Panther, just the right mixture of royal privilege and humility, in a story that allows for a sense of wonder rarely found in "comic book movies."	February 14, 2018
Barry Hertz	fresh	Globe and Mail	To the infinite credit of Coogler and his team, Black Panther fights constantly and bitterly against the familiar constraints of Disney's superhero industrial complex.	February 14, 2018
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	It's very, very good -- in its best scenes, exhilarating.	February 14, 2018
Kyle Smith	fresh	National Review	The bad guy is so brilliantly realized by Coogler's frequent collaborator Michael B. Jordan as Erik "Killmonger" Stevens, a former Navy SEAL gone bad.	February 14, 2018
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	It is modern, sharp and cool, honoring the past as well as the present, and pushing the boundaries of the genre past what audiences are used to from superhero movies.	February 14, 2018
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	...a cinematically holistic work of diversity, in which cultural identity has been carefully woven into every element of the movie.	February 14, 2018
Joanne Soh	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	Letitia Wright steals the thunder as T'Challa's younger sister and Wakanda's tech and weapons genius. I would love to see her and Tony Stark in the same room, just to watch them out-geeking each other.	February 14, 2018
K. Austin Collins	fresh	The Ringer	It's possible to love Black Panther but be conflicted, but still love it, but still be conflicted, all the while sharing in the unmitigated joy of its existence.	February 14, 2018
Rob Vaux	fresh	Action Figure Junkies	Black is beautiful.	February 14, 2018
Gemma Creagh	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Black Panther, a gleaming example of Afrofuturism, provides a unique perspective on a well-worn genre.	February 14, 2018
Dann Gire	fresh	Chicago Daily Herald	These are no small ideas. This cogent screenplay serves up the obligatory superhero trappings -- but it addresses real-world issues of global propriety and responsibility with an underlying sense of gravity.	February 14, 2018
Dom Sinacola	fresh	Paste Magazine	Black Panther might be the first MCU film that could claim to most clearly be an expression of a particular director's voice.	February 14, 2018
Peter Canavese	fresh	Groucho Reviews	Boilerplate Marvel, with a sleek, colorful look, cheeky humor, and familiar action beats...But Coogler brings enough to the table for a fresh vision, broadly appealing as well as inspirational in its representation for black audiences and women.	February 14, 2018
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	One of the best films from Marvel, thanks to it's richness in culture and mythology, and one of the best villains to date. Michael B. Jordan is fantastic. [Full review in Spanish]	February 14, 2018
Paul Whitington	fresh	Irish Independent	Black Panther is worthy, no question, but it's also a little dull.	February 14, 2018
Vicky Roach	rotten	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	The plotting is predictable and the action sequences for the most part unengaging. Black Panther is a major disappointment.	February 14, 2018
Michael Phillips	fresh	Chicago Tribune	May Marvel learn its lesson from "Black Panther": When a movie like this ends up feeling both personal and vital, you've done something right.	February 14, 2018
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	Chadwick Boseman commands every moment of this film, radiating probity and purpose, and it's only later on that you realize that, with another actor, this wouldn't have been a sure thing.	February 14, 2018
Ignatiy Vishnevetsky	fresh	AV Club	It's taken a decade and 18 films, but the Marvel Cinematic Universe has finally produced a superhero movie that feels like it was ripped from the pages of a comic book.	February 14, 2018
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	Coogler is a young filmmaker - this is just his third feature, following "Fruitvale Station" and "Creed" (two fine and very different films) - but he marshals this world with confidence and flair.	February 14, 2018
Sara Stewart	fresh	New York Post	Like all the best comics movies, this one's got a villain (Michael B. Jordan) so compelling he nearly steals the show from the hero (Chadwick Boseman).	February 14, 2018
Roger Moore	fresh	Movie Nation	Noble and worthwhile, but slow and frankly generic, save for the terrific African touches.	February 14, 2018
Scott Chitwood	fresh	ComingSoon.net	Marvel Studios has yet again managed to blend together familiar elements into something that feels new with Black Panther.	February 14, 2018
Alan Cerny	fresh	ComingSoon.net	Marvel's Black Panther is a complete triumph and is simply one of the best Marvel Cinematic Universe entries yet.	February 14, 2018
Zoe Margolis	fresh	CineVue	Whilst a Marvel story through and through, fitting perfectly into the MCU post-Captain America: Civil War, Black Panther stands alone as a masterpiece of filmmaking.	February 14, 2018
Joanna Langfield	fresh	The Movie Minute	There's a whole lot going on in this latest Marvel chapter. And boy, are we all the better for it.	February 14, 2018
Beatriz Martnez	fresh	Fotogramas	...a song of freedom within the genre. [Full Review in Spanish]	February 14, 2018
Steve Persall	fresh	Tampa Bay Times	Coogler delivers action with frenetic grace, keeping the violence more intimate than usual for a superhero movie. Less soulless metropolis crumbling and more face-to-face combat (although the armored rhinos aren't bad).	February 14, 2018
Liam Maguren	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	The true knockout stars are Lupita Nyong'o as Wakandan spy Nakia and Danai Gurira as Dora Milaje general Okoye.	February 14, 2018
Yago Garca	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	After this first trip to Wakanda, some will never want to visit that country again. Others, who already know their wonders, will want to visit it again ...but only in vignettes. [Full review in Spanish]	February 14, 2018
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	Coogler builds a thrilling, exciting world, and threads throughout it a story filled with pathos and real-world gravitas.	February 14, 2018
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	Black Panther comes to life with a real brio and glee...	February 14, 2018
Steph Cozza	fresh	Aggressive Comix	It was gripping, it was invigorating, the action was so cool!	February 14, 2018
Ann Hornaday	fresh	Washington Post	... a film that fulfills the most rote demands of superhero spectacle, yet does so with style and subtexts that feel bracingly, joyfully groundbreaking.	February 14, 2018
Stephen Romei	fresh	The Australian	Even if you are not a fan of superhero movies you may find the issues explored thought provoking. It is also action packed, well acted, dazzlingly shot by English cinematographer Rachel Morrison and... full of humour and self-aware wisecracks.	February 14, 2018
Jonathan W. Gray	fresh	The New Republic	This is a movie whose political theory matches its stunning special effects.	February 14, 2018
Jo Berry	fresh	Movies4Kids	A witty, action-packed epic, this adventure delivers a vibrant twist to the comic book movie formula while remaining true to the Marvel Universe it belongs to.	February 14, 2018
Joseph Walsh	fresh	The Skinny	Black Panther sees female characters finally given space to shine in a Marvel movie, and shining brightest of all is Letitia Wright.	February 14, 2018
Matthew Turner	fresh	iNews.co.uk	Coogler puts all the will-they-won't-they 'black Bond' speculation to rest by effectively getting there first, from the fascination with gadgetry to the thrilling set-pieces.	February 14, 2018
Mara Reinstein	fresh	Us Weekly	Ryan Coogler has eschewed the familiar Marvel glut of smug in-jokes and mind-numbing CGI explosions to create a visually dazzling work of art.	February 14, 2018
Shyama Krishna Kumar	fresh	Gulf News (UAE)	It's the kind of art that's aggressively theatrical, but not even for a moment does it feel performative.	February 14, 2018
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	This cool cat more than earns his stripes.	February 14, 2018
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	Brilliantly cast and impeccably directed - the most exciting MCU entry in years.	February 14, 2018
Joshua Rothkopf	fresh	Time Out	For all their global dominance, everybody wants these superhero movies to be better: funnier, smarter, more inclusive, more super. A huge step in the right direction, Black Panther is that dream come true.	February 14, 2018
Alex Bhattacharji	fresh	Bloomberg News	[Director Ryan Coogler has] raised the bar even higher here. Visually, Black Panther is unlike any movie I've ever seen.	February 14, 2018
Joe Morgenstern	fresh	Wall Street Journal	The movie has a beating heart, and a big one; it's not just sincere, but that rarest of birds in the jungle of mainstream entertainment, a heartfelt epic.	February 14, 2018
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	What you don't expect from Marvel is a thoughtful story steeped in political parallels and the historical baggage of racial discrimination and suffering. That's what makes Black Panther unique among a teeming movie universe of extraordinary beings.	February 14, 2018
Glen Weldon	fresh	NPR	Black Panther is a story we haven't seen told before in popular cinema - a story about black people completely untouched by colonialism, who exist entirely outside the global systems of institutionalized racism.	February 14, 2018
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	As the MCU lumbers to something of a climax in Avengers: Infinity War and looks beyond, the solid and satisfying Black Panther is a good standard-bearer for the next era... It's earnest, regal and ready to take over the MCU mantle.	February 14, 2018
Chris Wasser	fresh	The Herald (Ireland)	There is a lot going on in here, but again, a confident Coogler takes a frighteningly tall tale and somehow manages to make a clean, thrilling and largely inventive sci-fi adventure out of it.	February 14, 2018
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	This is one superhero film that definitely punches above the normal crash-bang-wallop weight. The Marvel Cinematic Universe just got a whole lot more interesting.	February 14, 2018
Cary Darling	fresh	Houston Chronicle	Visually, "Black Panther" is often spectacular...It's warriors with spears and force-field shields. It's aircraft that soar and swoop like birds over the Serengeti. It's "Blade Runner" in Dar es Salaam instead of L.A.	February 14, 2018
Wendy Ide	fresh	Observer (UK)	Even if it had nothing else going for it, Black Panther would still be the best-looking Marvel movie yet.	February 14, 2018
Damien Straker	fresh	Impulse Gamer	Until the formulaic final quarter, the film is fast, enjoyable and has several funny moments. The main actors are engaging, and its fun being introduced to new faces too.	February 14, 2018
Norman Wilner	fresh	NOW Toronto	Black Panther is to the ongoing Marvel project as Coogler's Creed was to the Rocky movies - a film simultaneously beholden to its franchise and alive to every possibility within it, creating a new world within the existing master narrative.	February 14, 2018
Kristen Yoonsoo Kim	fresh	Village Voice	Coogler and his team have conjured a universe and fleshed out its players, one existing (honestly, thriving) in the even bigger cinematic universe that is Marvel.	February 14, 2018
Matthew Razak	fresh	Flixist.com	Not since Ant-Man has a Marvel film actually been about the hero in the title, but Black Panther is and it makes it all the better.	February 14, 2018
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	Black Panther proves that you can make a movie that is significant to the black audience, and just a damn good superhero movie that everyone can enjoy.	February 14, 2018
Sinead Brennan	fresh	RT (Ireland)	It may be named Black Panther, but the film is very much an ensemble piece with enough action and social commentary to carve out a place as one of Marvel's better standalone offerings.	February 14, 2018
Katie Smith-Wong	fresh	Flick Feast	[O]ne of the most captivating and compelling films of the year so far.	November 12, 2019
Nick Monahan	fresh	Cultured Vultures	With a dedication to excellent "show don't tell" presentation, stunning cinematography and a downright scary soundtrack and score, Dunkirk succeeds at putting viewers in the thick of an unsung but no less dark time of the Second World War.	October 10, 2019
Nicholas Bell	fresh	IONCINEMA.com	A lofty divorce from Nolan's usual genre oriented flavor, this plays best as a multi-perspective experience of survival and rescue rather than a character driven ensemble as suggested by its cast.	October 10, 2019
David Harris	fresh	Spectrum Culture	Nolan has managed to make a masterpiece in a genre crowded with masterpieces, one that will likely be held up as one of the best ever about World War II.	September 30, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	[Dunkirk] is massive and impressive.	September 18, 2019
Brett McCracken	fresh	The Gospel Coalition	Nolan's knack for 'sculpting in time' reaches a new apex. Dunkirk is to Nolan as 'David' is to Michelangelo. It's his masterpiece.	August 19, 2019
Karl Delossantos	fresh	Smash Cut Reviews	From the artful cinematography to Hans Zimmer's disorienting score, and the non-linear narrative to the dialogue-less emotion, Dunkirk is a practice in the bursting through the boundaries of filmmaking. But it's more than the craft. It has heart.	August 5, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	The cinematography was exceptional with shots from above of a vast waterway and close up views of the beach, inside a ship, and the French shoreline.	August 5, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	A perfect machine of a movie. Nolan adapts all feelings associated with war into a technical masterpiece. [Full review in Spanish].	July 30, 2019
Michael J. Casey	fresh	Boulder Weekly	Went the war well?	July 26, 2019
Andrew Kendall	fresh	Stabroek News	It leans into the things Nolan likes: frenetic editing, proficient technical aspects, and a storyline that reads like a puzzle. The result is a film that affects but never charms, a solid but brittle film.	May 21, 2019
Kaitlyn Booth	fresh	Bleeding Cool	It's the kind of movie magic rarely seen in film these days.	May 21, 2019
Dan Murrell	fresh	Screen Junkies	It felt a little cold to me...and that's what keeps this movie from being great.	April 24, 2019
Julie Crawford	fresh	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	No warm cups of tea, no cosy home fires burning: writer-director Christopher Nolan throws his audience into the war zone and it never lets up.	April 16, 2019
Richard Trenholm	fresh	CNET	Christopher Nolan's precision-engineered war epic has a stopwatch where a heart should be	April 16, 2019
Max Hastings	fresh	The New York Review of Books	It possesses many of the virtues and vices of Steven Spielberg's epics, wrapped in a Union flag instead of the Stars and Stripes. It looks terrific, though it is noisier than any battle I have ever attended. It contains some adequate acting...	March 13, 2019
Phil W. Bayles	fresh	One Room With A View	It's a stunning film that ranks among the best of both his own filmography and the genre as a whole.	March 1, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	rachelsreviews.net	It's an experience you won't soon forget.	February 28, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	[Dunkirk] is one of the best war movies of the 21st century.	February 11, 2019
Filipe Freitas	fresh	Always Good Movies	A distinguished and unpretentious epic war film whose outcome is powerful and sublime.	February 1, 2019
David Ocadiz	fresh	Cinergtica	An excellent addition to Nolan's filmography. [Full Review in Spanish]	January 30, 2019
Rahul Desai	fresh	Film Companion	We walk out not with an irrational feeling of hope, or the blinding high of redemption. We aren't supposed to. The Miracle of Dunkirk is, by nature, not the definitive page of history...	January 30, 2019
Doug Jamieson	fresh	The Jam Report	Dunkirk is gripping, tense, flawlessly crafted, emotionally exhausting, and genuinely unforgettable.	January 30, 2019
Kyle Pinion	fresh	The Beat	Dunkirk is the masterwork Christopher Nolan's career has been building towards.	January 26, 2019
Sarah Cartland	fresh	Caution Spoilers	Dunkirk may be short on words but it is not short on brilliance. And despite the tiny boats, big ships, darting planes, lumbering lorries and repeated identical queues, Nolan's spotlight shines on humanity in all its bravery and mundanity.	January 19, 2019
Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	This is one heck of a stunning war picture.	December 20, 2018
Matt Ward	fresh	Cinematic Considerations	Christopher Nolan cements his directorial seal on the historical drama genre with "Dunkirk," a sweeping World War II film unlike anything you've ever seen before.	December 19, 2018
Sheraz Farooqi	fresh	ComicBook Debate	Dunkirk is a intense film with beautiful visuals, an equally beautiful score by Hans Zimmer and director in Christopher Nolan that is at the top of his game both narratively and visually.	December 13, 2018
Pablo Fernandez	fresh	Vix	At its best, a visceral and immediate experience; unlike almost anything Nolan has done, is devoid of the operation of deciphering and understanding. [Full review in Spanish]	December 10, 2018
Colby Bryant	fresh	Colbybryant.com	Nolan always makes films that engage the brain as much as any other faculty, and here, we see a film that is as visceral and experiential as anything he's ever done.	December 8, 2018
Di Golding	fresh	Dear Cast and Crew	Christopher Nolan has once again out-performed expectations to deliver a film which isn't just an experience, it is a work of art.	December 7, 2018
Joel Mayward	fresh	Cinemayward	Dunkirk is both the quietest and loudest of Christopher Nolan's films.	November 24, 2018
Li Lai	rotten	Mediaversity Reviews	Oblivious at best and propaganda at worst, Dunkirk is admittedly a sensory feast but one that leaves me concerned about its palpable nostalgia for an era before women's liberation and civil rights movements.	November 16, 2018
Kent Garrison	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	This is a story that needed to be told in a way that only Christopher Nolan can bring, and his non-linear style only enhances my desire for multiple viewings.	November 15, 2018
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	Dunkirk depicts World War II with barely an ounce of jingoism for maximum emotional effect.	November 11, 2018
Kt Schaefer	fresh	Substream Magazine	Nolan doesn't seem interested in dazzling us with mind bending ideas or twisty plots. Instead, he offers us a glimpse into the days and hours that the soldiers and civilians who were involved in the Battle of Dunkirk...	November 9, 2018
PJ Nabarro	rotten	Patrick Nabarro	Nolan's sole conceit is to create an industrial ode to the chaos of warfare, but I'd take Terrence Malick's anti-war ode, The Thin Red Line, over this, any day of the week.	November 3, 2018
Patrick Bromley	rotten	F This Movie!	Dunkirk wants to go out of its way to avoid war movie cliches until it doesn't, at which point it embraces nearly all of them.	November 3, 2018
Matt Oakes	fresh	Silver Screen Riot	Dunkirk is about heroism and the myriad forms that heroism can take.	November 2, 2018
Zaki Hasan	fresh	Zaki's Corner	Coming at the tail end of a summer season that's been long on bombast and short on substance, Dunkirk is a welcome salve to franchise fatigue, and one of the best movies of the year.	October 31, 2018
Bob Chipman	fresh	Geek	I sincerely wish I'd liked it more.	October 31, 2018
Kyle Kizu	fresh	MovieMinis	There's a method here more polished than in any of Nolan's previous work.	October 31, 2018
Sean Mulvihill	fresh	FanboyNation.com	unkirk represents Christopher Nolan working on a scale that matches his grandiose ambitions but doesn't fall into some of his weaker tendencies, such as loads and loads of expository dialogue and lengthy running times.	October 31, 2018
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	With a minimal but very memorable score from Hans Zimmer pulsating throughout, Nolan has crafted a film that captures the brutality of battle and the fears of these people who were fighting for their survival -- as well as their respective countries.	October 31, 2018
Joey Magidson	fresh	Hollywood News	This is a near perfect movie. Nolan has a master's grasp on the material, showcasing it from start to finish.	October 14, 2018
Jared Mobarak	fresh	BuffaloVibe	He's crafted a film that embraces its indifference to convention to express an abstract with resonate power and understanding.	October 12, 2018
Nguyen Le	fresh	InSession Film	A historical miracle [that is] now also a marvel of both the genre and contemporary cinema.	October 11, 2018
Tomas Trussow	fresh	The Lonely Film Critic	Nolan throws you face-first into the action in a way that war films of its ilk have never done before, and it's probably the first time my stomach repeatedly clenched without any blood or gore in sight.	October 5, 2018
Achara Kirk	fresh	GET Jaby	It's all about survival, and the lengths you will go to...it definitely gave me more on the second time around.	September 25, 2018
Jaby Koay	fresh	GET Jaby	I disagree with the sound design, which muddled up the dialogue...but, overall, still a great movie.	September 25, 2018
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	"Dunkirk" is an amazingly crafted epic with masterful direction from Nolan and a perfect balance of both visual splendor and good ol' fashioned storytelling.	August 30, 2018
Adam Epstein	fresh	Quartz	Dunkirk ends on the burning remnants of Tom Hardy's Spitfire, an emblem of the fire of the human spirit that rages wherever injustice might try to put it out.	August 27, 2018
Lisa Johnson Mandell	fresh	AtHomeInHollywood.com	Beautiful and intense from start to finish, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is not what you're expecting. It's more lyrical than linear, try to hold on too hard and analyze its terse dialogue and intimated plot, and it will slip right by you.	August 21, 2018
Glenn Heath Jr.	fresh	San Diego CityBeat	Much of Dunkirk is unforgettable, a relentless ode to minor human victories in the face of colossal national disaster.	August 21, 2018
Qamar Shafiq	fresh	Geeks of Color	Dunkirk's pacing is relentless which is why I am glad this is one of Nolan's shorter movies, it hits the sweet spot with its score, set-pieces and cinematography.	August 17, 2018
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	... a fact-based disaster movie that, even if it didn't happen exactly this way, you can't help but feel for whomever endured it.	July 10, 2018
Damian Levy	fresh	Jamaica Gleaner	Here, there are characters in the film, but the focus is on the event itself, not their individual stories. For doing away with such cliches, I praise the movie.	May 2, 2018
Wesley Lovell	fresh	Cinema Sight	Unlike much of Christopher Nolan's oeuvre, "Dunkirk" is a fine successor to war films like "Saving Private Ryan," yet it tries hard in places not to bore its audience.	April 20, 2018
David Keyes	fresh	Cinemaphile.org	At a deeper level it is a testament to the audacious power of pure elemental filmmaking.	April 3, 2018
Alison Rowat	fresh	The Herald (Scotland)	At a deeper level it is a testament to the audacious power of pure elemental filmmaking.	April 3, 2018
Oggs Cruz	fresh	Rappler	Dunkirk might be better because of its dubious insistence on making its characters feel like mere pieces in an expansive puzzle. By denying any of the characters both their histories and futures, Nolan turns his film into a personal meditation on war.	March 23, 2018
A.S. Hamrah	rotten	n+1	I longed for just one moment where something wasn't perfect, to remind me that humans had made this study of improvised naval success.	March 13, 2018
Megan Basham	fresh	WORLD	What we're left with at the end of the horror, panic, and grim determination is a dawning sense of grace.	February 21, 2018
Pete Vonder Haar	fresh	Houston Press	Dunkirk comes in at a taut 106 minutes, and there isn't a wasted second.	February 18, 2018
Jeremy Jahns	rotten	JeremyJahns.com	Dunkirk looked great, had some scenes of intensity that I enjoyed...but, in the end, the movie was slow, very ambitious but very unfocused.	January 25, 2018
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	fresh	Film Festival Today	Movies need a script, first and foremost, and this one ... never quite comes together, though there is nevertheless a lot to admire in the attempt.	January 24, 2018
Rob Gonsalves	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	It's not quite just a virtuoso exercise, though Nolan here proves himself a master of the technical effects he strives for and achieves.	January 18, 2018
James Plath	fresh	Family Home Theater	Nolan employs minimal dialogue and in media res camerawork to plunk the viewer right into the thick of things so you feel like you're experiencing the chaos of war and the reactive drive to escape it.	January 16, 2018
John Beifuss	fresh	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	A tribute to wartime resolve and directorial hubris; it's awe-inspiring in its logistics, scale and achievement.	January 2, 2018
Daniel Krauze	fresh	El Financiero	It is, for long stretches, almost a silent film. [Full review in Spanish]	December 29, 2017
Jorge (JJ) Negrete	fresh	Butaca Ancha	Dunkirk is a spectacularly timed exercise in film escapism, a warlike watch whose march is ominous and perfectly audible, even in the noise of a deafening battlefield. [Full review in Spanish]	December 28, 2017
Karl Puschmann	fresh	New Zealand Herald	At home Dunkirk will not be a good movie. Right now, however, it's unmissable.	December 26, 2017
Erick Estrada	fresh	Cinegarage	... Nolan uses the Second World War and in particular the battle of Dunkirk and the eviction of the English army, to generate a series of images through which (and not historical events) can achieve a very different purpose. [Full review in Spanish]	December 19, 2017
Al Hoff	fresh	Pittsburgh City Paper	Here, the battle is appropriately tense, horrific and tragic, not without beauty - whether in the grateful gasp of a man saved from drowning, or Nolan's gorgeous shot of a miles-long beach at dawn on which flanks of desperate men are lined up.	December 18, 2017
Jonathan Kiefer	fresh	MUBI	Any historical drama is necessarily a summary, and will approach a threshold at which distillation becomes dilution. Nolan doesn't seem too worried about this, and Dunkirk's eruptive brevity is almost refreshing.	December 14, 2017
Loren King	fresh	Newport This Week (RI)	... both celebratory and somber.	December 13, 2017
Louis Proyect	rotten	Counterpunch.org	Artistically disjointed and historically unfactual, just the latest in a series of vastly overrated Christopher Nolan films.	December 9, 2017
Karen Han	fresh	Slashfilm	The visuals, the structure, the use of sound and music, and the simple presence of a beating heart - all come together in a whole that is truly breathtaking.	December 8, 2017
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	Dunkirk is a series of survival sequences (occasionally with each one topping the last nerve-shredding dance with death) hammering home the old tried and true never surrender adage	December 6, 2017
Eli Glasner	fresh	CBC News	The most remarkable aspect might be that this is a war film that celebrates the simple act of surviving	November 21, 2017
Kristen Lopez	fresh	Culturess	Dunkirk shows off Nolan's own techniques as a filmmaker to make for a film that is technically, if not completely narratively, lustrous.	November 20, 2017
Danielle Solzman	fresh	Solzy at the Movies	Dunkirk delivers a film that should give Christopher Nolan a long-overdue Oscar nomination for outstanding directing.	November 11, 2017
Chris Evangelista	fresh	CutPrintFilm	With Dunkirk, Nolan has crafted a pulse-quickening, unrelenting 107 minute experience that grabs hold and refuses to let go until the credits roll.	November 10, 2017
John Hanlon	fresh	John Hanlon Reviews	Christopher Nolan's direction and Han Zimmer's music combine to make this war film an unforgettable cinematic experience.	October 31, 2017
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	Told as three separate stories (Land, Sea and Air) in three different time narratives (from a week out to a day to an hour before) "Dunkirk" is more of a thriller than a full out war film.	October 29, 2017
Rachit Gupta	fresh	Filmfare	The underlying critique of war and focus on survival and hope is what makes this film so great.	October 26, 2017
Neil Soans	fresh	The Times of India	If nothing else, it is yet another landmark achievement by one of the most important and skilled storytellers in the present generation of filmmaking.	October 19, 2017
Sarah Marrs	fresh	Lainey Gossip	In every technical aspect, Dunkirk IS a marvel. The cinematography is great, the editing is sharp, Nolan's direction is detailed and precise, the sound is OUTSTANDING.	October 9, 2017
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	The underlying story and its meticulous re-creation on the big screen completely won me over, as Nolan and his outstanding team deliver scene after scene of heroism, desperation, or that base human instinct for survival.	October 5, 2017
Cole Smithey	rotten	ColeSmithey.com	[VIDEO ESSAY] "Dunkirk" seems to say that there are no heroes in war, only victims, suckers, survivors, and assholes. Perhaps Christopher Nolan's movie has a point after all. This movie sucks.	October 5, 2017
Adam Nayman	rotten	Cinema Scope	The strange problem posed by the movie is, in terms of what it sets out to do, completely of a piece but missing the surge of feeling that would make that thing worth doing.	September 28, 2017
Nick Rogers	fresh	Midwest Film Journal	It's a comma of compassion in a larger Sisyphean story of war, with Christopher Nolan's contemporaneously unrivaled visual instincts - wedding Storm Thorgerson's surreal photography to David Lean's cinematic majesty.	September 21, 2017
Jorge Ayala Blanco	fresh	El Universal	The new film of the British director abounds with a new vision in the figure of the unknown soldier from three dramatic spaces: land, sea and air, thus breaking with the idea of a blessed heroism. [Full review in Spanish]	September 20, 2017
Joanne Soh	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	The film-maker of The Dark Knight gives us a survival tale that celebrates the heroic acts of many.	September 19, 2017
George Thomas	fresh	The Cleveland Movie Blog	Dunkirk sticks with you long after leaving the theater.	September 19, 2017
Matt Patches	fresh	Thrillist	In Nolan's hands, and through IMAX-sized frames, [Dunkirk is] a mesmerizing, maddening, and often isolating experience.	September 15, 2017
tt stern-enzi	fresh	Cincinnati CityBeat	Dunkirk is a stunning cinematic achievement, skillfully and exactingly deploying music and sound to heighten drama, capitalizing on every inch of the large screen to document the looming horror and growing desperation.	September 12, 2017
Andr Hereford	fresh	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	Dunkirk grips and doesn't let go. The evacuation might have succeeded, but the war raged on.	September 11, 2017
Jordan Hoffman	fresh	Thrillist	[Dunkirk] is absolutely riveting, but not quite the high-minded salute to the Greatest Generation the marketing may have you believe.	September 11, 2017
Adrin Ruiz	fresh	Excelsior	Their ammunition is enough to be a reference of war cinema, perhaps the best contemporary film on the subject. [Full review in Spanish]	September 6, 2017
Rebecca Lewis	fresh	Metro (UK)	It's a masterpiece of film making and will leave you on the edge of your seat, unable to catch your breath from the opening shots to the closing credits.	September 5, 2017
Diane Carson	fresh	KDHX (St. Louis)	Writer/director Christopher Nolan has a glorious gift.	August 29, 2017
Lili Loofbourow	fresh	The Week	Dunkirk is closer to an art film than a typical war film, and it's certainly the strangest, most ambitious summer blockbuster you're likely to see.	August 28, 2017
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	Nolan has made a movie full of fear and frenzy. It's impressive for sure.	August 23, 2017
Stuart Klawans	fresh	The Nation	. . .I don't pretend to dismiss the undeniable grandeur of Dunkirk, or to diminish the cheers that the movie elicits when its soundtrack at last cues up the Elgar.	August 23, 2017
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	For a film with a $150 million price tag, positioned as the biggest superhero-free Warner tentpole of 2017, it does just about as much experimenting as it could possibly dare.	August 19, 2017
Jonathan Raban	rotten	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Dunkirk shows a world full of terror, but [Christopher] Nolan goes to great lengths to ensure that his audience is never terrified.	August 17, 2017
Bob Mondello	fresh	NPR	Masterful visual storytelling on an epic scale.	August 17, 2017
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	Dunkirk stands high and proud as one of the finest films yet about World War 2. Christopher Nolan delivers a powerful, haunting, moving and memorable experience that, in a brilliant touch, turns out to be more immersive than explosive.	August 13, 2017
Ernesto Diezmartinez	fresh	Cine Vrtigo	Nolan has once again bet on big industrial cinema, the blockbuster formally risky and thematically conventional. [Full review in Spanish]	August 12, 2017
J. Olson	fresh	Cinemixtape	For a concurrently dead simple and wildly innovative white knuckler of a war pic, look no further. One of our greats is back with more greatness.	August 10, 2017
K. Austin Collins	fresh	The Ringer	When Dunkirk ended, I realized it wasn't Dunkirk I wanted to watch: It was the sequel.	August 9, 2017
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	fresh	Cinexcepcin	An efficient film that is based on a non-lineal structure and offers an impressive register. [Full review in Spanish]	August 7, 2017
James Kendrick	rotten	Q Network Film Desk	draws us deep into something from which we emerge with an initial sense of thrill, but are ultimately left with a lingering sense of what might have been	August 7, 2017
Jason Bailey	fresh	Flavorwire	A genuinely powerful and emotionally resonant glimpse into the fog of war, told viscerally and masterfully by a top-notch filmmaker in full command of his gifts. But Nolan indulges in a structural flourish that, for this viewer, simply doesn't play.	August 6, 2017
Ivn Belmont	fresh	Konexin	Nolan aims to give an intimate look at what these men could feel and experience in a situation full of anguish and even despair and, if you look under that lens, Dunkirk far from being a failure, is a wise move. [Full review in Spanish]	August 5, 2017
Luis Fernando Galvn	fresh	En Filme	An intense and oppressive experience always covered by the sound of a ticking clock that reminds us that there's no time to lose. [Full review in Spanish]	August 5, 2017
Liam Lacey	fresh	Original Cin	Nolan's Dunkirk is stripped-down almost to the point of abstraction, a story with little dialogue, focusing on a series of physical terrors - drowning, being struck from above or behind, all endured with tight-lipped masculine resolve.	August 4, 2017
Dave Searle	fresh	NUVO Newsweekly	This movie took [a] piece of family lore and made it viscerally, undeniably real. I'm personally grateful for that.	August 3, 2017
Rafer Guzman	fresh	Newsday	Few films have stripped war down to its terrifying, thrilling essence as Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk, and few films have turned war into such an overwhelming, almost physical experience.	August 3, 2017
Marija Djurovic	fresh	Cairo360	Loud, intense and almost disturbingly immersive, this is a showcase of true craftsmanship.	August 2, 2017
Jason Guerrasio	fresh	Business Insider	Nolan delivers a war story filled with pulse-pounding thrills and emotionally powerful performances.	August 2, 2017
Diane Pershing	fresh	Malibu Times	Even with my reservations, I was glued to the screen and don't think I took a breath for the entire nearly two hours of running time.	August 2, 2017
Mario P. Szkely	fresh	Siete24.mx	Nolan has created his most mature work in cinematographic language and humane situations, placing us on a barrel about to explode and closing the room with bolt on the outside. [Full review in Spanish]	August 1, 2017
Carlos Daz Reyes	fresh	Vanguardia (Mexico)	With few action sequences, the film is intended to portray a feeling, not to present endearing characters, resulting in a very interesting exercise. [Full review in Spanish]	August 1, 2017
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	A visually overwhelming film that is an entire experience thought to the smallest detail to be enjoyed on the largest screen possible. [Full review in Spanish]	August 1, 2017
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	'Dunkirk' shows the grit and realism of war in a finely wrought film.	August 1, 2017
Brooke Corso	fresh	The Monitor (McAllen, TX)	It is a film with little blood and heavy stress and fatigue, easy on combat and heavy on tragedy, as Nolan's obsession with time is made elastic to reflect the perspectives of the soldiers on water, ground, and air.	August 1, 2017
Juan Carlos Berner	fresh	Cinetvymas.cl	A film like we rarely see in the movies, and that will certainly take several awards in the upcoming Oscars. [Full review in Spanish]	July 31, 2017
Ray Pride	fresh	Newcity	Elegance of nightmare, essence of terror. We are catapulted to war, in three interleaving but sometimes indistinct timeframes: a week, a day, an hour. Time collapses. There is the presence of fright, the adrenalized now.	July 31, 2017
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Cinencuentro	With "Dunkirk", Nolan continues to demonstrate his maturity as a filmmaker, as someone obsessed with realism, practical special effects, tension, the spectacularity of sound, and yes, time. [Full review in Spanish]	July 31, 2017
Mario Alegre	fresh	Primera Hora	A distillate of Christopher Nolan's mastery that marks the zenith of his skills. [Full review in Spanish]	July 31, 2017
Richard Brody	rotten	New Yorker	Nolan's sense of memory and of history is as flattened-out and untroubled as his sense of psychology and of character.	July 31, 2017
John Serba	fresh	MLive.com	Some historians have called the Battle of Dunkirk the most significant moment of the 20th century... Nolan assures "Dunkirk" is one of the great films of the 21st.	July 31, 2017
Sarah Ward	fresh	Concrete Playground	An astonishing feat of storytelling, aesthetics and emotion, one from which you will not be able to look away.	July 31, 2017
Matthew Pejkovic	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	Nolan captures it all. The chaos. The death. The heroism. The humanity. The miracle.	July 31, 2017
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	It's more admirable for its technical virtuosity than for anything else. [Full review in Portuguese.]	July 30, 2017
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Dunkirk is an intense, unrelenting drama from start to finish. I was a sweaty mess as the closing credits started to roll.	July 30, 2017
Damien Straker	fresh	Impulse Gamer	Nolan's film successfully combines the blurred moral lines of heroism and self-preservation with the larger canvas of an enormous wartime blockbuster.	July 29, 2017
Mabel Salinas	fresh	Chilango.com	A sensorial cinematographic experience. It retakes the majesty of filming in 70 mm - an art in danger of extinction - with the best technologies, visual effects and surround sound. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Jamal-Dean Grootboom	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	A thought provoking film that will have you on the edge of your seat.	July 28, 2017
Graham Fuller	fresh	Culture Trip	Despite its underpopulated canvas, Dunkirk is an object lesson in vivid, non-gratuitous pictorialism.	July 28, 2017
Daniel Barnes	fresh	Sacramento News & Review	A fingernail-obliterating cinema experience.	July 28, 2017
Tony Medley	fresh	Tolucan Times	A good movie that fails to capture the mind-boggling scope of almost 400,000 troops stranded on the beach and almost 1,000 boats crossing back and forth across the Channel to save them. There isn't even a crawl at the end to give the statistics.	July 28, 2017
Orlando Maldonado	fresh	Movie Network	104 minutes of innovation; a war movie like no other. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Rick Kisonak	rotten	Seven Days	Dunkirk makes a fairly standard "war is hell" statement. It just appears to say more because Nolan went all William S. Burroughs and played cut-up with his script.	July 28, 2017
Rich Cline	fresh	Contactmusic.com	Nolan has made a career of fiercely inventive filmmaking. But this might be his masterpiece: a relatively simple story told with creative verve, relentlessly growing intensity, emotional resonance and the weight of history.	July 28, 2017
Paul Mount	fresh	Starburst	Dunkirk sees Christopher Nolan really coming of age as a director. It's his masterpiece at last and it's destined to become regarded as a very important film indeed.	July 28, 2017
Alison Willmore	fresh	BuzzFeed News	It isn't a standard war movie, but it sure is some beautiful, difficult thing.	July 28, 2017
Jonathan Romney	fresh	Film Comment Magazine	It's not always easy to know what's going on in Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk-which makes the film seem all the more convincing as an evocation of war.	July 28, 2017
Jeffrey Overstreet	fresh	Looking Closer	It's high on noise, chaos, and anxiety, and low on visual poetry. [But] it provides a necessary corrective to the dangerous machismo of most war films.	July 28, 2017
Bob Grimm	fresh	Reno News and Review	It's okay.	July 28, 2017
Sergio Lpez Aguirre	fresh	Cine Premiere	Christopher Nolan adopts the war genre and adds his very peculiar style and language, always playing with time. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Juanma Fernndez Pars	fresh	El Nuevo Da (Puerto Rico)	Christopher Nolan has surprised the audience by reinventing the war genre. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Alejandro G. Calvo	fresh	Sensacine	More than a war movie, Dunkirk could be a movie about cinema itself and its importance. Thanks Nolan, for all of this. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Luis Martnez	fresh	El Mundo (Spain)	One of the most surprising films about anguish that you will see, in effect, for a long time. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Carlos Boyero	fresh	El Pais (Spain)	A great creation of pure cinema. There are few dialogues, but it doesn't need them since the visual language is very powerful. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Jordi Costa	fresh	Fotogramas	Christopher Nolan sculpts in the overwhelming physique of an immersive and sensorial cinematographic experience. [Full review in Spanish]	July 28, 2017
Lucero Solrzano	fresh	Excelsior	Dunkirk is already a masterpiece that must be seen more than once. [Full review in Spanish]	July 27, 2017
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	Unsurprisingly, with visual mastery and few dialogues, Nolan achieves perhaps his best film. [Full review in Spanish]	July 27, 2017
Luke Buckmaster	fresh	The Daily Review/Crikey	virtually every scene is pitched at a moment of near-crisis, the entire experience hanging in the nanosecond when the fuse has burned out but the explosion is yet to go off.	July 27, 2017
Javier Porta Fouz	fresh	La Nacin (Argentina)	A dedicated work in the extra lacerating sound of bullets, explosions, torpedoes and music almost without a break. [Full review in Spanish]	July 27, 2017
Walter Chaw	rotten	Film Freak Central	The bits of Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk that are good are so good. The bits of it that are bad are just awful.	July 27, 2017
Uri Klein	fresh	Haaretz	Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk delivers a work of art to the playing field of the summer blockbuster.	July 27, 2017
Kristian M. Lin	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	This is an account of a neglected chapter of history that does justice to its scope, thanks to Nolan's assiduous application of his craft.	July 27, 2017
Cynthia Fuchs	fresh	PopMatters	The effects are less realistic than they are thrilling and entrancing, a set of sensory adventures alluding to World War II movie tropes... But the movie also turns these tropes inside out to articulate a broader theme.	July 27, 2017
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Reserved, dignified, proud and brave, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is nothing if not very, very British.	July 27, 2017
Gary Shannon	fresh	The Young Folks	scaling the geography of his vast and complex battle narrative, [Nolan] weaves an exciting, contemplative and lasting image of warfare told from the quiet fringes of thebattlefield to its fiery epicenter.	July 27, 2017
Eileen Jones	fresh	The Jacobin	Other than bits of Memento and those great Joker scenes in The Dark Knight, this may be [Nolan's] finest hour (and forty-six minutes).	July 27, 2017
Sandra Hall	fresh	Sydney Morning Herald	"Virtual reality without the headset", [Nolan] calls it, and it's no idle boast. Everything has been meticulously -- and effectively -- designed to dissolve the barrier between you and the screen.	July 26, 2017
Ken Eisner	fresh	Georgia Straight	Christopher Nolan eschews Batmanesque grandiosity, not to mention irony and blatant special effects, to pursue a more authentically immersive view of this historical turning point.	July 26, 2017
Nick Dent	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Call it a victory on all fronts.	July 26, 2017
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	It takes a confident, accomplished filmmaker to make a war film like this, epic, understated, nearly bereft of dialog, no off screen narration, a huge story brought down to intimate levels. It reminds me of some Stanley Kubrick movies.	July 26, 2017
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	A master class by Nolan in all areas of cinema. A relentless and captivating cinematic experience. [Full review in Spanish]	July 26, 2017
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	All these frantic bits and pieces come together under Nolan's narrative scheme to form a stirring panorama.	July 26, 2017
Rob Vaux	fresh	Cinema-stache	Soldier and civilian alike are left powerless in the face of a seemingly hidden enemy who can come from anywhere at any time.	July 26, 2017
Tim Martain	fresh	The Mercury	Christopher Nolan has created a true masterpiece here: experimental in structure, gripping storytelling, haunting in tone, and more terrifying than most horror movies.	July 26, 2017
Christian Lorentzen	rotten	The New Republic	Occasional bursts of flames, imperiling many of the effectively nameless characters, come as a relief from the chromatic tedium.	July 25, 2017
Bill Gibron	fresh	Film Racket	Dunkirk argues for one of the most accomplished filmmakers working today	July 25, 2017
Tony Macklin	rotten	tonymacklin.net	Nolan seems somewhat uninterested in the humans standing amid his spectacular effects.	July 25, 2017
Alistair Ryder	fresh	Film Inquiry	Nolan has revitalised his approach to filmmaking, and the results are nothing less than awe inspiring.	July 25, 2017
Eleanor Ringel Cater	fresh	Saporta Report (Atlanta)	Dunkirk does World War II like nothing you've ever seen.	July 24, 2017
Tim Appelo	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	The most stunning movie of 2017.	July 24, 2017
Anthony Lane	fresh	New Yorker	The movie works. Time and again, the action swells and dips, like a wave, then suddenly delivers a salty slap in the face.	July 24, 2017
Mark Jackson	fresh	Epoch Times	Hard to categorize Dunkirk. Grand piece of art? Virtuoso nail-bite fest? It's both. While decidedly nerve-wracking, you'll be glad you went and suffered with the soldiers who saved us from Hitler.	July 24, 2017
Vincent Mancini	fresh	FilmDrunk	Marks Christopher Nolan's final transition from being the "twisty plot guy" to the "awe-inspiring visuals guy." A welcome change.	July 24, 2017
Frederic and Mary Ann Brussat	fresh	Spirituality and Practice	An immersive movie that takes viewers inside the experience of war on sea, on the land, and in the air.	July 24, 2017
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	It's a curious mix of old fashioned mawkishness, dewy eyed, if understated, patriotism, and contemporary art house narratological experimentation. It is, appropriately, very British (as we like to think of ourselves).	July 24, 2017
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	A contemporary war movie that echoes classic combat films but eclipses them at the same time, Nolan's new epic puts Dunkirk on the cinematic map.	July 24, 2017
Jeffrey Lyles	fresh	Lyles' Movie Files	I appreciated and liked a lot of what Nolan accomplished, but it was too impersonal and distant to fully love.	July 24, 2017
Aine O'Connor	fresh	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	Ambitious, emotional, impressive, beautiful, terrifying and superbly cast, it's a fitting testimony to one of the most remarkable episodes in modern warfare.	July 24, 2017
Edward Porter	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	Heroism is celebrated, Spitfires fly, Churchill is reverently quoted and we're offered scenes of plucky British pathos that could have been written in the 1940s.	July 24, 2017
Christopher Orr	fresh	The Atlantic	It is hard to imagine a better tribute to this victory of survival than Nolan's spare, stunning, extraordinarily ambitious film.	July 24, 2017
Kenneth R. Morefield	fresh	Christianity Today	Dunkirk is a war movie that plays particularly well for people who don't typically like war movies.	July 24, 2017
Molly Laich	fresh	doghatesfilm.com	A little carnage goes a long way when it's punctuated with sweeping money shots of thousands of soldiers on an expansive, haunted beach. You don't experience the misery in the misery-you feel it in the spaces in between.	July 24, 2017
Mark R. Leeper	fresh	Mark Leeper's Reviews	Nolan uses unusual and new techniques to make the viewer feel as if she/he is actually experiencing the action--for better or worse. This is one of the great WWII films.	July 23, 2017
Andy Lea	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	This astonishing film demands to be watched on the biggest screen available.	July 23, 2017
Allan Hunter	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	Dunkirk brings a lump to the throat and a tear to the eye. Highly recommended.	July 23, 2017
Mark Kermode	fresh	Observer (UK)	A film that will doubtless become the definitive cinematic depiction of this remarkable chapter of history.	July 23, 2017
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Nolan has given us the cinematic equivalent of the British stiff upper lip.	July 23, 2017
Al Alexander	fresh	The Patriot Ledger	It's the anti-blockbuster blockbuster, full of brains, grit and a fearlessness to challenge superhero-drunk filmgoers to invest fully of themselves by finding meaning in every exquisitely shot frame.	July 22, 2017
Matt Brunson	fresh	Creative Loafing	Dunkirk is being hailed in some quarters as one of the greatest war films ever made and in others as a typically overrated Christopher Nolan endeavor. Neither claim is accurate, although the enthusiasts are closer to the mark than the Nolan naysayers.	July 22, 2017
Charles Koplinski	fresh	Illinois Times	Impressive "Dunkirk" Hampered by Gimmick.	July 22, 2017
Andrea Chase	fresh	Killer Movie Reviews	Spinoza once opined that you couldn't use words to describe God, because by choosing any one or several, you would be eliminating the infinite nature of the deity. That essential inadequacy of words drives much of Nolan's stunning film.	July 22, 2017
Jason Best	fresh	Movie Talk	From the start, Nolan gives the action a terrifying immediacy, pummelling us with the intensity of his images and the throbbing power of Hans Zimmer's score.	July 22, 2017
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	...instantly enters the pantheon of great modern war films... that don't glorify war, but respect and honor those who have had to endure it.	July 22, 2017
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	Allows us to feel as much as possible how the soldiers must have felt during that trying evacuation, where death was all-around them at the beach.	July 22, 2017
Kate Taylor	fresh	Globe and Mail	Technically awe-inspiring, narratively inventive and thematically complex, Dunkirk reinvigorates its genre with a war movie that is both harrowing and smart.	July 22, 2017
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	It's an extraordinary undertaking, and Nolan delivers a spellbinding ride. Out of the depths or man-made horror, he's created a gripping tale of human resolve.	July 22, 2017
Matthew Rozsa	fresh	Salon.com	Despite all the substandard characterization, what we do see sucks us in enough to keep us invested and, at times, riveted.	July 22, 2017
Blake Howard	fresh	Graffiti With Punctuation	Watching "Dunkirk" for the first time takes me back to my first viewing of "The Thin Red Line;" I'm ready for its mastery to emerge in repeat viewings...	July 22, 2017
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Land, sea and air, all disturbed by war and freckled with humanity, merge splendidly in another near-masterpiece from writer/director Christopher Nolan.	July 22, 2017
Simon Foster	rotten	Screen-Space	Surely the filmmaker's insistence upon imposing his favourite device upon all his narratives is edging towards Shyamalan-like overkill.	July 22, 2017
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	Nolan deserves to be commended for his superior craftsmanship. Ultimately, however, Dunkirk falls way short of such contemporary genre classics as The Big Red One, The Thin Red Line or Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.	July 21, 2017
Aakash Karkare	fresh	Scroll.in	Deploying his mastery over filmmaking technology, Nolan has made World War II look fresh and exciting by focusing not on the action sequences as much as the desperate struggle for survival.	July 21, 2017
Gary Rotstein	fresh	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	Mr. Nolan can be forgiven, or even praised, for refusing to pander to sentiment. He's given filmgoers far more to see and hear -- and Dunkirk will be heard from at Oscar time.	July 21, 2017
Alison Gillmor	fresh	Winnipeg Free Press	Nolan has crafted not just his own best film but one of the finest war films of the 21st century.	July 21, 2017
Matt Donato	fresh	We Got This Covered	Christopher Nolan's biggest departure yet is successful in showing the horrors of war without relying on action-heavy expectancies.	July 21, 2017
Paul Whitington	fresh	Irish Independent	This is real cinema: spare, terse, expertly edited. I saw it in 70mm, and so should you if you can. But mostly, you should just go see it -- it's a masterpiece.	July 21, 2017
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	Ambitious, sophisticated and gloriously cinematic, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk bursts into the heart of the summer moviegoing season.	July 21, 2017
Peter Sobczynski	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Dunkirk is a powerful work from one of the great directors of our time.	July 21, 2017
Piers Marchant	fresh	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	Despite the curtailed run time, as chaotic as it may seem, it still bears the director's meticulous attention to detail and technical mastery, which pays off over and over in many suitably distressing ways	July 21, 2017
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	This is a magnificent achievement accomplished with staggering buoyancy and grace, the victory of survival its own form of heroism worthy of celebration.	July 21, 2017
Armond White	rotten	National Review	[N]early two hours of uninspiring mayhem...Dunkirk uses history as a pretext to show off the director's fascination for calamity.	July 21, 2017
Roxana Hadadi	fresh	Chesapeake Family Magazine	Director Christopher Nolan delivers one of this summer's most precisely crafted, visually astonishing films in the simultaneously gorgeous and devastating Dunkirk.	July 21, 2017
Anita Katz	fresh	San Francisco Examiner	All [the actors] succeed, but special mention goes to Whitehead's Tommy, whose mixture of fear and determination in the opening scene sets the movie's tone, and Rylance, whose civilian skipper suggests quiet dignity like no other.	July 21, 2017
Christopher Lawrence	fresh	Las Vegas Review-Journal	Dunkirk's relatively brief running time, though, means there's rarely a dull moment. Viewers are thrust into the action, and like many of the soldiers, they're left on their own to sink or swim.	July 21, 2017
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	Each setting features its own editing rhythm, characters and score... Far from being a Memento-like puzzle to piece together, Dunkirk is a series of tense standoffs whose resolutions all funnel into the same prerequisite; get the soldiers home.	July 21, 2017
Frank Wilkins	fresh	Reel Reviews	Brings a refreshing unconventionality to the war movie genre.	July 21, 2017
Tufayel Ahmed	fresh	Newsweek	Dunkirk's plot is fairly uncomplicated. The thrill is in the deeply exhilarating pace at which the action unfolds.	July 21, 2017
Rebecca Pahle	fresh	Pajiba	It is a good movie. One bordering on great, even. The best movie Christopher Nolan's done in years... and I say that as someone who likes (most, sorry The Dark Knight Rises) Nolan movies.	July 21, 2017
John Lui	fresh	The Straits Times (Singapore)	It is Nolan's control of the visuals that makes this among the most harrowing of war films.	July 21, 2017
Matthew Lickona	fresh	San Diego Reader	Christopher Nolan's genius for treating movies like chess matches... is brilliantly employed in this account of the British (and French) attempt to retreat across the English Channel from the coastal city of Dunkirk in the early years of World War II.	July 21, 2017
Alan Zilberman	fresh	Washington City Paper	On top of the non-stop action, Nolan succeeds by acknowledging weak spots that have plagued his entire career. Instead of improving on these weaknesses, he crafted a film that has no need for them.	July 21, 2017
Richard von Busack	fresh	MetroActive	Nolan makes up a triptych with war's relativity -- time stretching or standing still in the presence of death.	July 21, 2017
Jasper Rees	fresh	The Arts Desk	Anyone hoping to be guided through all this morass of detonations and drownings by the handrail of dialogue, the nuance and shade of human drama, will have to go whistle. Dunkirk is not about characters but character.	July 21, 2017
Michael Arbeiter	fresh	Nerdist	In absence of his usual brand of intellectual complexity, Nolan instead packs each of his uncharacteristically minimalistic tales with a career-best effort in emotional fortuity.	July 21, 2017
Kirk Baird	fresh	Toledo Blade	It's a harrowing, moving, and minimalist epic that haunts the soul while satisfying those fleshy urges with spectacular and unforgettable action alongside an unrelenting hum of anxious intensity. It's about people, not war.	July 21, 2017
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	Christopher Nolan steps in a new direction this time, delivering a picture that engages the intellect and the senses, if not exactly the heart.	July 21, 2017
Liam Hanlon	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Dunkirk becomes much more than a war film. It can be classified within the war genre but it's more of a personal affair rather than a two-hour shootout on battlefields.	July 21, 2017
Norman Wilner	fresh	NOW Toronto	Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is a stunning technical accomplishment -- like all of writer/producer/director Nolan's films, I suppose -- and also the leanest, sharpest thing he's made since Memento.	July 21, 2017
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Dunkirk manages to be a stirring , yet intimate epic all at the same time. At its core though it is a gripping thriller that is unlike anything I have ever seen in this genre, a bravura triumph for Christopher Nolan.	July 21, 2017
Stephen Silver	fresh	Splice Today	Dunkirk is very, very good- but it's not transcendent	July 21, 2017
Peter Rainer	fresh	Christian Science Monitor	It's a series of riveting tableaux, but the human center is lacking.	July 21, 2017
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Its flaws may keep it from reaching the highest levels of Nolan's directorial catalog, but as a portrait of a pivotal moment in world history, Dunkirk is the kind of gripping and powerful experience that Imax screens were made for.	July 21, 2017
Stephen Romei	fresh	The Australian	A war film that is not a war film and yet will immediately enter the ranks of the best war films made so far.	July 21, 2017
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	[A] breathless, awe-inspiring depiction of war by land, sea, and air... [O]ne of the few perfect films of the 21st Century.	July 21, 2017
Philip Kemp	fresh	Sight and Sound	Dealing with a real-life event, Christopher Nolan has shifted out of cerebral overdrive and rediscovered a welcome directness and simplicity.	July 21, 2017
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	fresh	Adelaide Review	It's one of the great films of the year so far, make no mistake, and yes, it's one of the best war dramas ever made, full stop.	July 21, 2017
Eric Melin	fresh	The Pitch	Nolan's array of unique POV shots and his peerless command of scale relay the terrifying subjective experiences of Dunkirk's characters in a hauntingly visceral way.	July 21, 2017
Sonny Bunch	fresh	Washington Free Beacon	Exhilaratingly claustrophobic, Christopher Nolan's latest is the best film of the year thus far.	July 21, 2017
Katherine Monk	rotten	Ex-Press.com	Yet, for all the heroic effort, there is no heroic result.... Dunkirk pulls itself apart on the beaches, in the air, and on the seas. It never surrenders a single strand of storyline so the others may survive.	July 21, 2017
Sarah Boslaugh	fresh	Playback:stl	...[Dunkirk delivers] film-going experience that is more visceral than intellectual or emotional.	July 21, 2017
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	"Dunkirk" is a faithful and well-crafted retelling of an overlooked, but crucial, event in World War II, which is enough to make it worth your time.	July 21, 2017
Phil Villarreal	rotten	ABC Tucson	A World War II movie your dad will fall asleep watching on the couch.	July 21, 2017
Kurt Loder	fresh	Reason Online	Communicates the dislocations of war in a powerful new way, and will likely be mumbled over by film-school scholars for years to come. How many non-scholars will be wanting to see it a second time we will soon discover.	July 21, 2017
Rob Thomas	fresh	Capital Times (Madison, WI)	The brilliant, unconventional structure adds to the immersive nature of "Dunkirk," reinforcing the sense that the war is everywhere, that characters who haven't even met make decisions with life-or-death consequences for each other.	July 21, 2017
Sean Burns	fresh	The ARTery	Relentlessly barreling between dive bombings, torpedo attacks and dogfights, the movie works your nerves. It's just one damn thing after another.	July 21, 2017
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	Easily an early Oscar contender in various categories, including Best Picture. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)	July 21, 2017
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	Nolan's WWII epic is unlike anything you've seen on screen before. So why are we so disengaged?	July 21, 2017
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	Extremely ambitious yet rarely effective...	July 21, 2017
Leonard Maltin	rotten	leonardmaltin.com	Dunkirk left me feeling vaguely dissatisfied, with too many unanswered questions. For me it missed the big picture. If that means I'm swimming against the tide, so be it.	July 21, 2017
Steve Crum	fresh	Video-Reviewmaster.com	Important to the film's success is Hans Zimmer's unique score, which becomes a living entity unto itself due to pulsating sounds.	July 21, 2017
Avi Offer	rotten	NYC Movie Guru	A beautifully shot, shallow, and nauseating video game. Too much Spectacle and not nearly enough humanism, a truly special effect that money cannot buy. It's the equivalent of dry, stale bread.	July 21, 2017
Gary Wolcott	rotten	Tri-City Herald	Other critics are raving about this one. Did we see a different movie? This one is terribly disjointed and you are never connected to the characters. Wanted to like it but...	July 21, 2017
Diana Saenger	fresh	ReviewExpress.com	Absolutely Stunning	July 21, 2017
Sarah Ward	fresh	ArtsHub	A vivid symphony of visceral experiences.	July 21, 2017
Allyson Johnson	fresh	Cambridge Day	With an interwoven script that intersects when you least expect it, the film is a mighty example of storytelling and the power of atmosphere.	July 21, 2017
Rick Bentley	fresh	Tribune News Service	Although Dunkirk looks at one of the most amazing military/civil operations of World War II (or maybe of any military conflict in history), it's not a war movie. It's Christopher Nolan's view of a war movie.	July 21, 2017
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	Nolan again continues his proud tradition of eschewing computer-generated shots in favour of actual ships, planes and men. The result is a film that will look authentic, bloody, honest and real for as long there are people to watch it.	July 21, 2017
Dave Crewe	fresh	Junkee	Dunkirk isn't striving to immortalise English heroism as a sepia-toned portrait. Dunkirk simply wants to transport you to the battlefield, and experience the horrors that lie there.	July 21, 2017
Deborah Ross	rotten	The Spectator	It is brave, and even admirable, but if you are fond of an emotional core? Then you will sorely feel the lack of it.	July 21, 2017
Michael Smith	fresh	Tulsa World	The miracle of Dunkirk is that it's different from other war movies in the best ways, and it's exceptional in every technical sense, making it one of the most emotionally powerful films of 2017.	July 21, 2017
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	As both a fresh approach to historical action and a thunderous throwback to old-fashioned war movies, Christopher Nolan's "Dunkirk" is a triumphant feat of white-knuckle storytelling.	July 21, 2017
Ryan Gilbey	fresh	New Statesman	The picture is distinguished by a knack for undercutting genre conventions without diminishing them emotionally.	July 21, 2017
Bernard Boo	fresh	PopMatters	Dunkirk is Nolan's most directly cinematic of his works, knocking plot and melodrama down the totem pole in favor of furiously transportive images and sounds that elicit emotion in a more primal, instinctual way.	July 21, 2017
J.R. Kinnard	fresh	PopMatters	Arguably Nolan's best film, Dunkirk is a propulsive descent into Hell that celebrates the indomitable human spirit.	July 21, 2017
Rob Carnevale	fresh	Indie London	A vivid, heart-pounding, emotional rollercoaster of a film, Dunkirk is also one of the most immersive experiences you could ever wish to endure. But therein lies its genius.	July 21, 2017
Tim Evans	fresh	Sky Cinema	Ultimately, this is an unsentimentally masterful chronicle of a propaganda victory plucked from the jaws of military disaster.	July 20, 2017
Liz Braun	fresh	Toronto Sun	The film is a wonder to experience (especially in Imax), but it's not perfect. For all the technical brilliance, there's something emotionally removed about the storytelling that keeps a viewer at arm's length throughout.	July 20, 2017
Burl Burlingame	fresh	Honolulu Star-Advertiser	The pleasure in the storytelling arc is how elements move swiftly together. Nolan's biggest trick is the film starts out being epic and moves effortlessly to the intimate ....	July 20, 2017
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	What it is, essentially, is 106 clamorous minutes of big-screen bombast that's so concerned with its own spectacle and scale that it neglects to deliver the most crucial element -- drama.	July 20, 2017
Jason Di Rosso	fresh	The Final Cut	His exciting set pieces of sinking ships and aerial dogfights will thrill audiences who head to big Hollywood films for spectacle. But when Nolan gets the subtler moments right, you see something much more.	July 20, 2017
Jeff Simon	fresh	Buffalo News	So many of us wanted Dunkirk to be truly great. It's too virtuous and not vulgar enough to be great. It's a brilliant film that embraces grandeur but has a tasteful horror of rhetoric.	July 20, 2017
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	Common Sense Media	Christopher Nolan's first non-fantasy movie is bold, visceral, and powerful, with many moving sequences -- though some of his filmmaking choices can be challenging.	July 20, 2017
Dominic Corry	fresh	New Zealand Herald	Christopher Nolan affirms his status as contemporary cinema's boldest blockbuster director with this intensely immersive and relentlessly stirring chronicle of the famous World War II evacuation.	July 20, 2017
Bill Clark	rotten	FromTheBalcony	Given little context and even less character arc, Dunkirk emerges as an emotionally hollow exercise in wartime spectacle.	July 20, 2017
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	Not a second is wasted in the taut 105-minute running time, something Nolan emphasizes by giving it the ticking-clock structure of a thriller, albeit a very Nolan-style thriller.	July 20, 2017
Steve Newall	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	From the get-go Dunkirk is a relentlessly tense affair...	July 20, 2017
Sara Stewart	fresh	New York Post	The tension starts from minute one and doesn't let up until the credits roll in "Dunkirk," Christopher Nolan's terse, nerve-jangling WWII drama.	July 20, 2017
Rex Reed	fresh	Observer	It's a gripping addition to the canon of war on film that is definitely worthy of attention, and some of the images are electrifying.	July 20, 2017
Edward Douglas	fresh	The Weekend Warrior	There's so much to absorb and appreciate in this movie that one viewing just might not be enough.	July 20, 2017
Chris Klimek	fresh	NPR	Is it ethical to make a war movie this beautiful?	July 20, 2017
Kenneth Turan	fresh	Los Angeles Times	Both intimate and epic, as emotional as it is tension-filled, it is being ballyhooed as a departure for bravura filmmaker Christopher Nolan, but in truth the reason it succeeds so masterfully is that it is anything but.	July 20, 2017
Leigh Paatsch	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	It only takes a matter of minutes for Dunkirk to convey the unmistakeable notion you are in the presence of true cinematic greatness. This is what a masterpiece looks like. Sounds like. Feels like.	July 20, 2017
Irene Crespo	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	Nolan's simplest and at the same time most complex narrative film. [Full review in Spanish]	July 20, 2017
Michael O'Sullivan	fresh	Washington Post	"Dunkirk" bolts out the gate not like a thoroughbred racehorse, but like a pack of them, never stopping until - thunderingly, and with a feeling that encompasses both victory and defeat - it crosses the finish line.	July 20, 2017
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is not so much a war story as it is an attempt to communicate the experience of war.	July 20, 2017
David Edelstein	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	When the structure of Dunkirk becomes visible, when it stands as a mathematical demonstration of brave individual choices lining up in a tidy row, you might realize that you've been had.	July 20, 2017
Alex Doenau	fresh	Trespass	As an examination of collective triumph and spirit it is a decisive victory.	July 20, 2017
Robin Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	"Dunkirk" is a finely crafted examination of a historical event that changed the direction of the war.	July 20, 2017
Kyle Smith	fresh	National Review	As magnificently well crafted as Dunkirk is, it is a film destined to be respected more than it is loved, and given Nolan's record -- I credit him with five great movies -- I call this a highly honorable achievement that nonetheless slightly disappoints.	July 20, 2017
Eric D. Snider	fresh	EricDSnider.com	An intense, carefully calibrated mini-epic about surviving war.... Packs the punch of something far more graphic.	July 20, 2017
Stephanie Zacharek	fresh	TIME Magazine	This is a grand spectacle, not an empty one, a rare example of the Hollywood blockbuster dollar well spent.	July 20, 2017
Chris Hewitt	fresh	St. Paul Pioneer Press	See it on the biggest screen you can find.	July 20, 2017
Jeff Strickler	fresh	Minneapolis Star Tribune	A cinematic triumph that will awe some viewers and alienate others - for the same basic reasons.	July 20, 2017
Calvin Wilson	fresh	St. Louis Post-Dispatch	Seldom has a film so eloquently captured the craziness, brutality and arbitrariness of war. "Dunkirk" just might be Nolan's masterpiece.	July 20, 2017
J. R. Jones	fresh	Chicago Reader	As a big-screen experience this can be overwhelming, especially when characters are trapped below oncoming planes or inside beleaguered sea vessels; few war movies have communicated more viscerally how it feels to be a sitting duck.	July 20, 2017
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	Director/writer Christopher Nolan masterfully revives the classic war film with an edge-of-your-seat, emotionally-charged thriller.	July 20, 2017
Nigel Andrews	fresh	Financial Times	Whenever it creates or recreates the bigger picture, Dunkirk itself becomes a bigger, bolder, better picture.	July 20, 2017
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	A streak of honest sentiment, earned under the most hellish of circumstances, courses through this movie and provides it with spine and a soul.	July 20, 2017
Steven D. Greydanus	fresh	National Catholic Register	The first film Nolan has made that feels bigger than the director's preoccupations and obsessions.	July 20, 2017
Kam Williams	fresh	Baret News	An inspirational tribute to Britain's Greatest Generation that just might be Chris Nolan's best picture yet!	July 20, 2017
Victoria Alexander	fresh	FilmsInReview.com	With magnificent visuals, tension is the star.	July 20, 2017
Nick Newman	fresh	The Film Stage	Its images are most obviously big in size, more importantly fluid in movement in a way not equaled (let alone attempted) by just about anything you might find anywhere.	July 20, 2017
Max Weiss	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	In a time when prestige TV is hogging lots of attention (and deservedly so!), Christopher Nolan's stunning WWII saga makes a pretty strong case for the continued sustenance of film.	July 20, 2017
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	Nolan has made a war movie that provokes both thrills and thought. Consider Dunkirk another must-see.	July 20, 2017
Brian Lowry	fresh	CNN.com	Nolan has delivered a visceral, suspenseful, at times jaw-dropping historical war movie, the lone disclaimer being that he sacrifices character development in his steadfast focus on technical virtuosity.	July 20, 2017
Michael Heaton	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	World War II history buffs won't want to miss this large, sprawling colossus of a film.	July 20, 2017
Clint O'Connor	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	It's beautifully shot, with a panoramic depth and breadth of landscapes. It is also unrelenting.	July 20, 2017
Will Leitch	fresh	Paste Magazine	Dunkirk will bowl you over. It is almost too much power for one filmmaker to have.	July 20, 2017
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	The most emotional moments in Nolan's film are the smaller ones, a soldier slipping into the sea swimming towards home, a young hero recognized in a local newspaper.	July 20, 2017
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	A display of both Nolan's dark, wizard-like powers as a filmmaker and his weaknesses and neurotic affectations as a storyteller.	July 20, 2017
Stephen Rebello	fresh	Playboy Online	Watching Dunkirk, the word "masterpiece" comes to mind -- often and effortlessly.	July 20, 2017
Jon Niccum	fresh	Kansas City Star	The finest war movies examine the personal struggles within the larger framework of a battle: the eye-level conflict. That's the strategy of "Dunkirk," an ambitious, evocative (but at times too aloof) World War II epic.	July 20, 2017
Marc Savlov	fresh	Austin Chronicle	I'd go so far to say that Dunkirk could easily serve as its own master class in the art of film editing. Add to that an absolutely terrifyingly discordant score from Hans Zimmer and the result is, well, a bona fide classic. Well done, sir, well done.	July 20, 2017
Robert Levin	fresh	amNewYork	[Dunkirk] captures this struggle for survival with visceral intensity. It offers an immersion into this harrowing moment that is vast in its ambition and comprehensive in the degree to which it fulfills it.	July 20, 2017
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	Wisely, Nolan's movie is not about the "big picture." At about 106 minutes, it's a fast-paced, rousing story of soldiers and civilians confronting overwhelming odds, their moral compasses, fear and the specter of death.	July 20, 2017
Manohla Dargis	fresh	New York Times	"Dunkirk" is a tour de force of cinematic craft and technique, but one that is unambiguously in the service of a sober, sincere, profoundly moral story that closes the distance between yesterday's fights and today's.	July 20, 2017
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	This blockbuster spectacle is an intense experience of pure cinema that far exceeds the standard "miracle at Dunkirk" narrative.	July 20, 2017
Matt Goldberg	fresh	Collider	Nolan is challenging himself to try and tell a war story in a different way.	July 20, 2017
Chris Barsanti	fresh	Film Journal International	Christopher Nolan's ghostly and taut war story is his best film in years.	July 20, 2017
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	From the first frame to the last, it's a propulsive ride that wrings so much tension out of the audience that by the time the credits roll, there's little you can do but stare at the screen in stunned silence.	July 20, 2017
Nell Minow	fresh	Movie Mom	Nolan's film could only have been made by a cinema master with the perspective of time and all the history since, and we are fortunate to be here when he did.	July 20, 2017
David Medsker	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	Christopher Nolan's recent output has been a master class of technical precision, as if that alone were enough. It's not, by the way.	July 20, 2017
Jeanne Kaplan	rotten	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	At a relatively short running time for an "epic", the characters are not developed enough to allow us to care about their survival.	July 20, 2017
David Kaplan	rotten	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	No doubt that "Dunkirk" is technologically well conceived and crafted. Unfortunately, a clever idea and expert editing cannot compensate for a dearth of human emotions.	July 20, 2017
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	Nolan's made an intimidating endeavor, but those hoping for an exhaustively emotional event should seek their wartime blues elsewhere.	July 20, 2017
Chase Whale	fresh	ChaseWhale.com	In his ever-growing oeuvre, Dunkirk ranks as one of Christopher Nolan's best.	July 20, 2017
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	Dunkirk, a film about men, created by men, is a force of nature - an elemental beast of a movie about finding the meaning of life surrounded by the meaninglessness of war.	July 20, 2017
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	Dunkirk is a return to true form for director Christopher Nolan and it may very well be his best film yet. It combines the clever structure of Memento, the scale and ambition of The Dark Knight and the incredible cinematography of Inception.	July 20, 2017
Jake Wilson	fresh	The Age (Australia)	Christopher Nolan remains an abstract artist at core, and the tricky structure of his spectacular Dunkirk is not far removed from the games played in his science-fiction blockbusters Inception and Interstellar.	July 20, 2017
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	A disappointment, a visual marvel but one lacking in emotional resonance, the sort of film one respects for its craftsmanship-but feels distanced from.	July 20, 2017
David Crow	fresh	Den of Geek	Nolan challenges everything you might expect from the subject matter: be it in terms of narrative, plot structure, or even the basic notions placed on war films in general, and World War II movies in the main.	July 20, 2017
Mikel Zorrilla	fresh	Espinof	It isn't a masterpiece or the best film from Christopher Nolan, but it's quite impressive. [Full review in Spanish]	July 19, 2017
David Poland	fresh	Movie City News	I wanted to walk out of Dunkirk with my heart beating. And I walked out with my brain humming.	July 19, 2017
MaryAnn Johanson	fresh	Flick Filosopher	Primal and exhilarating, full of dread and tension. Drops us right into the chaos of war to tell an intimate story about fear and intensity of purpose.	July 19, 2017
Mitchell Millar	fresh	Willamette Week	The star of the show is cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema, whose serene photography provides a necessary counterbalance to the breathless editing.	July 19, 2017
Luke Y. Thompson	fresh	Cinema Runner	...there are maybe ten minutes in the middle where I felt my attention waning-and yet I'd hate to discourage Nolan from trying to take this approach more often.	July 19, 2017
Rubin Safaya	fresh	Cinemalogue	DUNKIRK's triumph owes to the simplicity of the finished product, not the complexity of the technical inputs. That masterful distillation is the piece that Nolan has finally brought under his command.	July 19, 2017
Joe Morgenstern	fresh	Wall Street Journal	Christopher Nolan has created something new in the annals of war films - an intimate epic.	July 19, 2017
Geoffrey Macnab	fresh	Independent (UK)	[Nolan] has managed to combine the epic and the intimate. We are a long way from next year's Oscars but Dunkirk must surely already be a frontrunner.	July 19, 2017
Dan Lybarger	fresh	Film Threat	What Nolan gets right in Dunkirk -- from the action to the spare dialogue -- is so good that it makes the fact that any narrative deficiencies exist seem all the more disappointing.	July 19, 2017
Dann Gire	fresh	Chicago Daily Herald	An immersive, bombastic historical epic more interested in how things happen than the people who things actually happen to.	July 19, 2017
Cary Darling	fresh	Fort Worth Star-Telegram/DFW.com	This is a movie that deserves to be seen on the largest screen possible and, no, whatever you have in your home doesn't count unless you reside inside an IMAX theater.	July 19, 2017
Mike Scott	fresh	Times-Picayune	Even with its overly complicated structure and scarcity of emotion, it's no exaggeration to call it a technical masterpiece, offering a stunning look at a key moment in WWII.	July 19, 2017
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	... A fresh, innovative take on the war movie and an engrossing, unique experience for the audience.	July 19, 2017
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	An instant war classic that finds its power in individual tales of heroism and renders them larger than life.	July 19, 2017
Robert Horton	fresh	Seattle Weekly	It's possible you're more impressed with the filmmaker's bravado than with anything the characters are doing onscreen.	July 19, 2017
Peter Canavese	fresh	Groucho Reviews	Rigorously staged and artfully photographed...Christopher Nolan applies his trademark ingenuity and clockwork precision to an otherwise straightforward story.	July 19, 2017
Sandy Schaefer	fresh	ScreenRant	Dunkirk makes for Christopher Nolan's most intense and nerve-wracking thriller yet, delivering a strikingly terse viewing experience in the process.	July 19, 2017
Ignatiy Vishnevetsky	fresh	AV Club	It's at once minimalist and maximalist, cynical and dopey, a big-boy white elephant art film that is actually a lean and mean suspense set-piece machine.	July 19, 2017
Caryn James	fresh	BBC.com	In a swift 106 minutes, watching Dunkirk becomes a stunning and genuine experience, enveloping viewers in a way few movies ever do.	July 19, 2017
Tomris Laffly	fresh	Film School Rejects	Thanks to Nolan's unapologetically immense and imposing style, Dunkirk is as cinematically close as one can get to wartime trauma, survival impulses, and heroic altruism.	July 19, 2017
Dustin Putman	fresh	TheFilmFile.com	"Dunkirk" is one of the great war pictures of our time. It's haunting, it's rapturous, and it's unforgettable.	July 19, 2017
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	It's one of the best war films ever made, distinct in its look, in its approach and in the effect it has on viewers.	July 19, 2017
Cameron Meier	fresh	Orlando Weekly	Go ahead and engrave the Oscar now, for this is the best film of the year and one of the 10 greatest of the century.	July 19, 2017
Adam Woodward	fresh	Little White Lies	A bold, intentionally bloodless film that for the most part works spectacularly well.	July 19, 2017
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	Daily Film Fix	Marked by subtle moments of epic silence and a unique structure, writer/director Christopher Nolan's "Dunkirk" is a timeless classic.	July 19, 2017
Matthew Turner	fresh	iNews.co.uk	A visceral, nerve-shredding pulse-pounder that needs to be experienced on the biggest screen you can find.	July 19, 2017
Cameron Williams	fresh	The Neighbourhood Paper (Australia)	Tightly focused, even minimalist approach to telling the true tale of a military disaster and how hope was cultivated in the sands a mighty failure.	July 19, 2017
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	Christopher Nolan's relentless Dunkirk turns a wartime retreat into a cinematic triumph.	July 19, 2017
Alan Cerny	fresh	ComingSoon.net	Christopher Nolan's greatest cinematic achievement, a masterpiece on every level.	July 19, 2017
Travis Johnson	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	...one of of the most gut-tightening, engrossing, downright suspenseful films of the year.	July 19, 2017
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	...encourages us to hail heroes whenever we have the slightest excuse, and give considerable pause before calling anyone a coward.	July 19, 2017
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	This accomplished, exceptional piece of cinema delivers summer-scale spectacle, albeit without the escapism audiences often crave from blockbuster releases at this time of the year.	July 19, 2017
Andrew L. Urban	fresh	Urban Cinefile	For all its taut direction and editing, its thunderous sound and its historic origins, the film doesn't quite move us as deeply and as often as we expect. Perhaps Nolan is trying too hard to construct the mood with the tools at his command.	July 18, 2017
Louise Keller	fresh	Urban Cinefile	Nolan is the star of this explosive mood piece that soars on the wings of its visuals and sound and makes it truly a visceral experience.	July 18, 2017
Fred Topel	fresh	Nerd Report	Being as objective as it is may ultimately rob the film of some of its potential for emotional impact, but there is no denying Dunkirk is unlike any war film we've ever seen.	July 18, 2017
Kevin Carr	rotten	Fat Guys at the Movies	Dunkirk is a great last half of a movie, but alone is an emotionless vacuum.	July 18, 2017
Jake Cole	rotten	Slant Magazine	The film's fussy ambition ultimately results in aesthetic and thematic sloppiness.	July 18, 2017
Bill Goodykoontz	fresh	Arizona Republic	"Dunkirk" is a great movie, both an old-time inspirational war epic and at the same time very much a Christopher Nolan movie.	July 18, 2017
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	You disappear inside of it and it changes you, as all great movies do.	July 18, 2017
Gary Thompson	fresh	Philadelphia Daily News	Human nature is on full display, for better, for worse, or both. The man who commits a selfish act in order to survive and the man who acts gallantly to save others may, in fact, be the same man.	July 18, 2017
Blake Goble	fresh	Consequence of Sound	Here's a classical-yet-modernist action film that will be taken apart and put on display in film schools and film clubs for years to come.	July 18, 2017
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	It's the most essential "see it on the big screen or else" experience since 'The Walk'.	July 18, 2017
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	The Oscar race for Best Picture is officially on. From first frame to last, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is a monumental achievement, a World War II epic of staggering visual spectacle (see it in IMAX if you can) that hits you like a shot in the heart.	July 18, 2017
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	I don't know if my heart stopped racing for all of Dunkirk's brisk, unbearably tense 107-minute runtime.	July 18, 2017
Matt Zoller Seitz	fresh	RogerEbert.com	It deserves to be seen and argued about. They don't make them like this anymore. Never did, really.	July 18, 2017
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Christopher Nolan has created the most intense, immersive war story since 'Saving Private Ryan.'	July 18, 2017
Emma Simmonds	fresh	The List	Once again Nolan shows himself to be a master of pure cinema. Incomparably immersive, Dunkirk does admirable justice to its story - it's a film that never lets up, never surrenders.	July 18, 2017
Matt Looker	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	It's a magnificent movie of staid heroism, utterly opulent in its bleakness.	July 18, 2017
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Dunkirk is a gripping story of survival told through cutting edge camera work and bare bones storytelling. Christopher Nolan has delivered a classic war film.	July 18, 2017
Tara Brady	fresh	Irish Times	The crunching realism, as captured on large format film stock, is unmistakable, and puts every other rival summer spectacle to shame.	July 18, 2017
Rosie Fletcher	fresh	Digital Spy	Dunkirk is the film Nolan has been building to his entire career. It's his masterpiece, it's the best film of the year so far, and it's the one to beat come awards time.	July 18, 2017
Philip Concannon	fresh	The Skinny	An immersive, exhilarating experience; see it on the biggest screen you can find.	July 18, 2017
Christopher Machell	fresh	CineVue	Dunkirk, tellingly, is the first of Nolan's films to induce tears in its final frames. The director's technical mastery finally transcends craft to become art and, as a result, this is his best film to date.	July 18, 2017
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	Nolan crafts a frighteningly realistic portrayal of the Allied soldiers' evacuation, with some of the best aerial dogfights ever put to screen.	July 18, 2017
James Mottram	fresh	South China Morning Post	No war film you've seen before - from Das Boot to Saving Private Ryan to The Thin Red Line - comes close to what Nolan has created here.	July 18, 2017
Dana Stevens	fresh	Slate	The swift-moving, pulse-pounding Dunkirk reveals its filmmaker at his most nimble, supple, and simple.	July 18, 2017
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	Feels like a music video. Plays like a great action flick. Wright's shift of genre is awesome. [Full review in Spanish].	October 23, 2019
Leslie Combemale	fresh	Cinema Siren	Stylish, beautifully executed, and slick as a '65 Mustang.	October 18, 2019
Kieran McLoone	fresh	Cultured Vultures	In a word: awesome. Not only is it distinctly unique, Baby Driver also delivers much more than just a musical gimmick. See this movie yesterday.	October 10, 2019
Chris Sawin	fresh	Reel Rundown	Baby Driver is massively excellent with its sublime music, witty dialogue, masterfully dynamic editing, and blood pumping action. An undeniably satisfying concoction mixed with a sing-along, a dance number, and your favorite heist film.	September 2, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	'Baby Driver' is pure classicism and the freshest innovation. [Full review in Spanish]	August 14, 2019
Sergio Bentez	fresh	Espinof	The responsibility for such a great "abnormality" lies in a single point: The prodigious work carried out in the trio direction-editing-sound editing. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 7, 2019
Karl Delossantos	fresh	Smash Cut Reviews	The real star is [Edgar] Wright's screenplay and direction. He balances romance, comedy, and action without taking away from any element.	August 5, 2019
Oscar Goff	fresh	Boston Hassle	It's hilarious, of course, but it's also legitimately incredible filmmaking, and it does things that I've simply never seen in a movie before	July 24, 2019
Dominic Griffin	fresh	Spectrum Culture	An amazing showcase for one of modern cinema's most fascinating visual stylists.	July 17, 2019
Ryan Syrek	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	By the time Baby Driver becomes cool, it is too late to be as cool as it assumed it always was. The end result is a slightly-above-average mixed bag that everyone will overpraise for a few weeks and then largely forget about.	June 25, 2019
Mike Vanderbilt	rotten	Daily Grindhouse	...a half-baked, juvenile script doesn't bring any pathos to the flashy film...it's ultimately a hollow experience.	June 21, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	Wright's directorial wit lends the film its infectious exuberance - taking a classic tale of young love on the run and turning it into a Bonnie and Clyde adventure for a new generation.	June 4, 2019
Andrew Kendall	fresh	Stabroek News	The film's conclusion, when it comes, suggests the reality that one cannot ever really ride off into the sunset. That ride off will forever be tinged by the carnage which came before, despite the glossy sheen.	May 21, 2019
Kaitlyn Booth	fresh	Bleeding Cool	It's a ton of fun that will leave you on the edge of your seat craving more adventures with this gang; don't miss this one.	May 21, 2019
Dan Murrell	fresh	Screen Junkies	The most pure, uncut Edgar Wright that we've ever seen on film.	April 24, 2019
Julie Crawford	fresh	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	Every scene of Wright's film is a wonder of choreography, from Baby's walk to the coffee shop to the jaw-dropping car chases, symphonies of revving engines and squealing tires.	April 16, 2019
Adam Patterson	fresh	Film Pulse	Fueled by a never-ending, always-fresh soundtrack, this kinetic action-musical is undoubtedly one of the coolest movies you'll see this year.	April 9, 2019
Preston Barta	fresh	Fresh Fiction	Wright manages to assemble a magnetic cast and throw them into compelling situations while blasting a purchasable soundtrack.	March 30, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	rachelsreviews.net	While it does require some suspension of disbelief to enjoy, Baby Driver is a very entertaining, kinetic film.	March 12, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	Great acting all around, and a special applause for director Wright for combining action, music and drama into one great movie.	March 9, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	The film is driven by exceptional performances, dynamic action sequences and one of the best, most immersive movie soundtracks of the 21st century.	February 12, 2019
Doug Jamieson	fresh	The Jam Report	Baby Driver is the most exhilarating and original film so far this year.	January 30, 2019
Evan Dossey	fresh	Midwest Film Journal	A uniquely stylish blockbuster	January 19, 2019
Daniel Nava	fresh	Chicago Cinema Circuit	This is popcorn cinema of the highest order.	December 26, 2018
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	A seriously cool movie that falls short when it runs out of originality but still remains good fun to watch.	December 20, 2018
Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	A car chase musical for movie geeks.	December 20, 2018
Matt Ward	fresh	Cinematic Considerations	A smooth cinematic adventure, Baby Driver is the kind of film you're going to want to watch over and over again.	December 19, 2018
Pablo Fernandez	fresh	Vix	The plot is almost incidental, it feels like an excuse for the masterful and stunning display of action and rhythm. [Full review in Spanish]	December 10, 2018
Colby Bryant	fresh	Colbybryant.com	In conclusion, Baby Driver has style for miles ... the whole thing is a sight-and-sound experience, a ride that doesn't let up and doesn't let you go.	December 8, 2018
Joel Mayward	fresh	Cinemayward	It's a shallow escapist fantasy and a send-up/celebration of a particular genre ... In short, it's a lot of fun and pretty cool...except when it isn't.	November 26, 2018
Li Lai	rotten	Mediaversity Reviews	People of color are picked off easily, like a retro horror film where the Black guy gets killed first.	November 16, 2018
Bob Chipman	fresh	Geek	Edgar Wright basically specializes in movies that should be completely insufferable but actually turn out kind of great (see: Pilgrim, Scott)	November 4, 2018
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	Baby Driver marks as somewhat of a departure from Wright's usual style, but it is still undeniably a film that could have only come from his mind.	October 31, 2018
Sean Mulvihill	fresh	FanboyNation.com	There are few films this year that will match Baby Driver in pure entertainment value, a high-octane action flick with the year's best soundtrack and ample humor and character to fuel the motorized mayhem.	October 31, 2018
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	Edgar Wright has delivered a pedal to the floor, high octane action film with a pumping soundtrack and a superb cast that only adds to the fun.	October 31, 2018
Johnny Gayzmonic	fresh	Fanboys of the Universe	If this doesn't make you want to get behind the wheel and crank up the stereo, nothing will.	October 30, 2018
Kristian Harloff	fresh	Schmoes Know	A really, fun, interesting movie that proves Ansel Elgort is a star.	October 16, 2018
Nguyen Le	fresh	InSession Film	Completely sober thought here, but the best concert to attend this week is [one where] the headliner is a filmmaker and automobiles are the tools of the band.	October 10, 2018
Aaron Peterson	fresh	The Hollywood Outsider	Baby Driver offers a fresh take on an exhaustive premise, and delivers a star-making performance from Ansel Elgort. [It's] the sizzling solution to this summer's lack of heat.	October 10, 2018
Tomas Trussow	fresh	The Lonely Film Critic	Edgar Wright has given us a firecracker of fun amidst a dull landscape of the same old, same old.	October 5, 2018
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	An infectiously joyous wild ride that is a testament to the saying, "Let the music play."	August 30, 2018
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	Baby Driver is an homage to other big, great action heist movies, but it's ambitious as well... It is quirky and effective enough.	August 28, 2018
Kambole Campbell	fresh	One Room With A View	It's thrilling filmmaking, a total blast, and rarely misses a beat.	August 25, 2018
Asia Frey	rotten	Lagniappe (Mobile, AL)	As an action movie, "Baby Driver" is good, but as an action movie directed by Edgar Wright, it is disappointing.	August 23, 2018
Mae Abdulbaki	fresh	Movies with Mae	Loud, fun, and with a soundtrack that complements the film in all the right ways, "Baby Driver" is like being on a roller coaster, with its twists and turns coming quick and a feeling of exhilaration unlike any other.	August 21, 2018
Lisa Johnson Mandell	fresh	AtHomeInHollywood.com	Let me tell you, the film is just as fun, harmonious and right noted as the Simon and Garfunkel classic.	August 21, 2018
Glenn Heath Jr.	fresh	San Diego CityBeat	It's an impressive high-wire act put on by a director who understands the power of human sincerity in the face of oppressive irony.	August 21, 2018
Avram Vargas	fresh	Geeks of Color	In the end, the identity of this unique flick is behind the music and its effect on our lives. Music uplifts us, saddens us, angers us, but most importantly it keeps us moving. Two huge thumbs up for Edgar Wright...	August 15, 2018
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	With just enough thinking to be thoughtful and just enough danger to feel dangerous, it's a rare balancing act that any film works as well as this does.	June 27, 2018
Glenn Dunks	rotten	Junkee	It is perhaps appropriate that the last time we will (hopefully) ever have to look at Kevin Spacey's smug face is in a film that is as equally proud of itself.	June 20, 2018
Damian Levy	fresh	Jamaica Gleaner	In a perfect world, this film makes all the money that is possible and is seen by audiences everywhere. Unfortunately, it'll be yet another film that doesn't get nearly as much attention as it truly deserves.	May 2, 2018
Jules Brenner	fresh	Cinema Signals	Breakneck auto action matched with a stirring sound track, plus a freshly conceived central character -- this joy ride will keep a hip audience strapped to their seats.	April 17, 2018
Alison Rowat	fresh	The Herald (Scotland)	This is a director having the ride of his life, one going all out to bring the audience along in the passenger seat. Just don't look too closely at what is whizzing past, and you too will have a blast.	April 3, 2018
Amelia Navascues	fresh	Triple J	But whether you're in it for the music or just for the ride, Baby Driver is an entertaining car movie with an engine and a beat.	March 22, 2018
Oggs Cruz	fresh	Rappler	Wright installs very vital flourishes, detailing all of his characters with quirks, virtues and vices that add color to the already colorful feature...Wright has fashioned a captivating showcase of cinematic wizardry.	March 22, 2018
Jeremy Jahns	fresh	JeremyJahns.com	It's a movie that doesn't take itself too seriously, but has serious elements. When the two come together, they actually come together quite well.	January 26, 2018
Steph Cozza	fresh	Aggressive Comix	This is quite possible the best film [Edgar Wright] has ever made.	January 18, 2018
John Beifuss	fresh	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	Edgar Wright's pedal-to-the-metal plus needle-to-the-vinyl action movie is a love letter to the never obsolete wonders of fast cars, pop music and crafty commercial/personal filmmaking.	January 2, 2018
Jamie Neish	fresh	CineVue	It's a real treat to see such a fantastic cast bounce off one another like they do here.	December 28, 2017
Eric Melin	fresh	The Pitch	It sounds like every noir-tinged crime movie since the 40s, but its a canny reconfiguration of boilerplate elements, made special by the way it taps into our music-saturated culture, using iPods and earbuds to fashion a seductive fantasy world.	December 22, 2017
Al Hoff	fresh	Pittsburgh City Paper	Turns out that this film is a crime actioner wrapped in a quirky musical rom-com, with music and songs informing nearly every scene.	December 19, 2017
Eli Glasner	fresh	CBC News	With Elgort channeling a pouty James Dean and mean Kevin Spacey at his very best, Baby Driver delivers the creativity this summer's films have been lacking.	December 18, 2017
Jason Guerrasio	fresh	Business Insider	Wright has made a movie that showcases his incredible moviemaking talents and should be instantly included in the conversation with the best car chase/heist movies of all time.	December 18, 2017
Loren King	fresh	Newport This Week (RI)	It's actually a drive-in movie made with art house lan.	December 13, 2017
Courtney Howard	fresh	SassyMamaInLA	Wright has tapped a fuel-injected line into cinematic innovation. It's supercharged storytelling at its best.	December 5, 2017
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	Baby Driver is the first movie of its kind and anything else that follows (unless it's also directed by Edgar Wright) will only be a pale, soulless, bland imitation	December 5, 2017
Kristen Lopez	fresh	Culturess	Wright's ensemble cast has great comedic timing that, coupled with the percussive score and smooth action setpieces, will you ready to peel out of the local theater.	November 20, 2017
Danielle Solzman	fresh	Solzy at the Movies	...a game-changer for the genre.	November 11, 2017
Iain Robertson	fresh	Starburst	Baby Driver may not quite hit the heights of Shaun or Hot Fuzz, but it's bursting with invention, stunning action and killer tunes.	November 10, 2017
Wesley Lovell	fresh	Cinema Sight	An exciting mixture of traditional car chase action and modern storytelling conventions.	November 2, 2017
John Hanlon	fresh	John Hanlon Reviews	Fast-paced, exhilarating and impeccably-cast, this action feature is one of the year's best offerings.	October 31, 2017
Rachit Gupta	fresh	Filmfare	Its obnoxious title aside, Edgar Wright's Baby Driver is possibly the heist, action film that modern pop culture was waiting for.	October 26, 2017
Cole Smithey	rotten	ColeSmithey.com	Wright seems to be taking notes from Quentin Tarantino for his use of pop music to provide an aural bed of energy for the story to glide on. The problem is that Edgar Wright isn't anywhere near as gifted as Tarantino...	October 22, 2017
Nihit Bhave	fresh	The Times of India	Baby Driver is a great experiment in the heist-movie genre and with director Edgar Wright behind the wheel, you're sure to have a smooth ride.	October 20, 2017
Chris Barsanti	rotten	PopMatters	A playlist does not a movie make.	October 17, 2017
Daniel Krauze	fresh	El Financiero	It's a breath of fresh air. [Full review in Spanish]	October 16, 2017
Jordan Ruimy	fresh	World of Reel	Hot-Rod heaven.	October 15, 2017
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	The epitome of cool. [Full review in Spanish]	October 10, 2017
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	It turns out to be one of the surprise treats of the summer. There are moments when it's so achingly cool, stylish or technically brilliant (and occasionally all three at once) you want to stand up and applaud.	October 9, 2017
Ira Madison III	fresh	The Daily Beast	It's appropriate that Baby Driver is a quasi-jukebox musical-one whose marriage of jukebox and diner has been ingrained in the consciousness of American moviegoers.	September 20, 2017
Jonathan Roberts	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	Hands down, the most thrilling, exhilarating, charming and original thing to hit screens in an age.	September 19, 2017
Keeva Stratton	fresh	Rescu (Australia)	Both Ansel Elgort and Lily James are talents on the rise, and deservingly so. There's something quite classic about them, and they bring a real presence to roles that could have been fun but superficial.	September 15, 2017
James Marsh	fresh	South China Morning Post	Wright has affectionately lampooned the horror and action genres in the past, but Baby Driver proves he is now a legitimate action director in his own right.	September 13, 2017
tt stern-enzi	fresh	Cincinnati CityBeat	Baby Driver feels like Wright is elevating his own game, while tipping his hat to a host of his fellow big-league players.	September 12, 2017
Nathaniel Rogers	rotten	The Film Experience	For a film that desperately throws everything on that screen, it leaves you wanting quite a bit more.	September 1, 2017
Israel Acosta Aroche	fresh	Konexin	An original project in a world full of sequels and remakes. [Full review in Spanish]	August 31, 2017
Adam Nayman	rotten	Cineaste Magazine	Baby Driver is so poorly written on levels of plot, characterization and (especially) dialogue that Wright's typically first-rate craftsmanship fails to save it-and, in context, even becomes its own source of annoyance.	August 30, 2017
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	If I call the film a particularly clear-cut example of style over substance, I am agreeing that the film turned out exactly the way writer-director Edgar Wright planned it.	August 27, 2017
Ernesto Diezmartinez	rotten	Cine Vrtigo	For the rest, on a dramatic level, Baby ... is a total failure: I could not have been less interested in the fate of the hero. [Full review in Spanish]	August 24, 2017
Carlos Daz Reyes	fresh	Vanguardia (Mexico)	A classic story with an amazing energy. [Full review in Spanish]	August 24, 2017
Ned Lannamann	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	[Edgar] Wright's love letter to the American cinematic tradition of cars and guns is an undeniable blast.	August 23, 2017
Robert Denerstein	rotten	Denerstein Unleashed	For all its attempts at juxtaposing Baby's sweet dreams with the hard-core aspirations of the movie's band of miscreants, Baby Driver has no more staying power than an air kiss. The longer it goes on, the more fleeting its fleetness becomes.	August 23, 2017
Kaori Shoji	fresh	Japan Times	Baby Driver is the kind of bad boy that our mothers (and electric car enthusiasts) are always guilt-tripping us over. Which means you'll only love it more.	August 23, 2017
Blake Howard	fresh	Graffiti With Punctuation	Writer/director Edgar Wright's meticulousness and mastery takes a keen eye on first viewing to get a hint at the level of fastidious planning that went into every aspect of the film.	August 21, 2017
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Cinencuentro	An extremely original thriller, an action movie that, unlike most productions Hollywood releases year after year, left me excited and eager to run, drive, and yes, listen to music. [Full review in Spanish]	August 16, 2017
Erick Estrada	fresh	Cinegarage	Baby Driver is another example (a practically perfect one) that cinema must be fresh and new, not the repetitive monstrosity in which it has become. [Full review in Spanish]	August 16, 2017
Erick Ortiz	fresh	Butaca Ancha	Baby Driver has more soul and also better action than innumerable movies of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]	August 14, 2017
Ira Franco	fresh	Chilango.com	A film so entertaining that you will want to see it more than once. [Full review in Spanish]	August 14, 2017
Luis Fernando Galvn	fresh	En Filme	The director, with his enthusiasm overwhelmed to impress the audience with his technical tricks and his impeccable editing work, extends the story unnecessarily and ends up offering a daring denouement. [Full review in Spanish]	August 11, 2017
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	Terrific, character-driven action comedy... Wright again shows his mastery of blending comedy with high-octane action.	August 11, 2017
Theresa Smith	fresh	Weekend Special (South Africa)	The film is not going to give you some great insight into the condition of man, but it is going to get you walking out the cinema with the urge to burn some rubber.	August 11, 2017
Kim Hughes	fresh	Original Cin	Baby Driver is a hoot. It's also ridiculous bordering on preposterous, but it's the giddiest you'll feel in the theatre all summer.	August 10, 2017
Fausto Ponce	rotten	Proceso	It may have been an excellent Hollywood entertainment film, but it ended up being slightly better than The Fast and The Furious. [Full review in Spanish]	August 10, 2017
K. Austin Collins	fresh	The Ringer	The joy of Baby Driver is that, though you've seen versions of this story before, many times over, you've never seen it done quite like this.	August 9, 2017
Roe McDermott	rotten	Hot Press	For the film, the ringing sound is an alarm: once the music stops, beware. The soul of Baby Driver dies with it.	August 9, 2017
Shingai Darangwa	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	Baby Driver is a strikingly adventurous and bold action film.	August 4, 2017
Tim Appelo	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	Even if you're not usually into movies featuring high-speed car chases and gratuitous violence - you'll want to give this one a shot.	August 3, 2017
Marija Djurovic	fresh	Cairo360	Hiding the emptiness and the hollowness of the story underneath a flashy hood of hits and misses, Baby Driver shines when moving at top speed.	August 2, 2017
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	Baby Driver is a musical in its purest form; it doesn't matter if the characters don't sing or dance - the movie does it for them. [Full review in Portuguese.]	August 2, 2017
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	Its blend of speed and music makes 'Baby Driver' one of the year's best films.	August 1, 2017
Matthew Pejkovic	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	A toe tapping, tire burning, hard talking, yet heartfelt masterwork of sound and fury.	July 31, 2017
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Baby Driver is a super fun action film that uses music as its hook as opposed to over-the-top stunts and special effects.	July 30, 2017
James Kendrick	fresh	Q Network Film Desk	the action is where Wright's film shines, as he puts the full pedal to the metal in returning us to the old-fashioned delights of real car chases through real streets with real cars doing seemingly impossible moves	July 27, 2017
John Lui	fresh	The Straits Times (Singapore)	Fans of Wright's work will see plenty of Wright-isms here - the smash cuts, action cut to rock beats, nods to pop culture. That visual wit is now laid over a crime thriller.	July 21, 2017
Craig Mathieson	fresh	The Sunday Age	America gives Wright his boss tunes, his cinematic influences and a ticket to ride. There's also the risk of hubris attached to that freedom, as becomes apparent here.	July 21, 2017
Francesca Rudkin	fresh	New Zealand Herald	Baby Driver is a mix of La La Land, Fast and the Furious, Reservoir Dogs and The Blues Brothers. It's funny, exhilarating and entertaining, and definitely worth the ride.	July 20, 2017
Graeme Tuckett	rotten	Stuff.co.nz	I walked into Baby Driver wanting, maybe even expecting, to see a film that -- like everything else Wright has made -- would be the stuff of a future cult. What I got was a film that was trying way too hard to be cool.	July 20, 2017
Tony Stamp	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	The best thing about Baby Driver turns out to be its modest scale, favouring CGI-free action scenes filmed in broad daylight that feel downright refreshing.	July 20, 2017
Eleanor Ringel Cater	fresh	Saporta Report (Atlanta)	It's like La La Land meets Gun Crazy. With an irresistible dollop of humor and a dazzling show-off style.	July 20, 2017
Sarah Ward	fresh	Concrete Playground	The movie equivalent of a disposable toe-tapping pop song: mostly pumping, thumping fun, but it just can't play on forever.	July 20, 2017
Chris Newbould	fresh	The National (UAE)	[It] should appeal to almost every audience demographic: [it's got] tragedy, comedy, romance, action, fast cars, violence, musical credibility and an impressive cast. If there's one criticism, it is that Wright possibly drags things on a little too long.	July 20, 2017
Dorothy Woodend	fresh	The Tyee (British Columbia)	A little style goes a long way. Sometimes it can even get you across the finish line.	July 20, 2017
Paul Byrnes	fresh	Sydney Morning Herald	It's all bolted together like clockwork, an assemblage of elements designed to arouse and engage an audience that needs a reason to stop looking at their phones.	July 20, 2017
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Almost every scene that doesn't have a car or a gun in it is cringe-worthy, but as an aesthetic rush and a fun romp it's worth taking in at the best cinema you can. You want to see and hear this thing properly.	July 19, 2017
Alex Doenau	rotten	Trespass	Baby Driver is too much the soulless good boy doing bad things; what it lacks in substance it can't hope to make up for in style.	July 19, 2017
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	A remarkable turn for [director] Wright who creates a pulp masterpiece	July 19, 2017
Stuart McGurk	fresh	GQ Magazine [UK]	Baby Driver is, in a way, the natural culmination of the non-singing musical in recent years.	July 19, 2017
Cameron Williams	fresh	The Neighbourhood Paper (Australia)	The action film with the heart of a musical. Ask your local cinema to play it loud.	July 19, 2017
Tim Martain	fresh	The Mercury	As a storyteller and filmmaker, Edgar Wright has an uncanny knack for teasing the beautiful and whimsical out of even the most unlikely subject matter.	July 17, 2017
Luke Buckmaster	fresh	The Daily Review/Crikey	[Wright's] latest film, Baby Driver, is the sort of rarity that grumps such as myself often complain Hollywood doesn't make any more. Which is to say: a genuine original.	July 15, 2017
Gemma Pecorini Goodall	fresh	The Daily Review/Crikey	It's this shifting narrative tone that makes Baby Driver one of the most effective anxiety-inducing films out there.	July 15, 2017
Hari Raj	rotten	Junkee	For a film so full of automotive iconography, it's a conclusion that remains frustratingly in the middle of the road.	July 15, 2017
Paul Whitington	fresh	Irish Independent	In Edgar Wright's glibly stylish drama, bank raids and getaways are carefully choreographed in time to the music. This is mildly interesting at first, but fails to disguise the fact that this is a bog-standard genre picture.	July 15, 2017
Hilary A White	rotten	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	In a nutshell, there is not enough of a sense of vulnerability or struggle to Baby, meaning we don't really care that much what ultimately happens to him either way. This is a cardinal sin in the writing of any protagonist.	July 14, 2017
David Stratton	fresh	The Australian	The influences are there, but Wright builds on and subverts them in his hugely entertaining movie, one of the most satisfying films of its type to emerge in quite a while.	July 14, 2017
Brooke Corso	fresh	The Monitor (McAllen, TX)	In Baby Driver, what begins slow amps up towards the third act until the last chase sequence leaves us a bit breathless.	July 14, 2017
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	fresh	Adelaide Review	A gloriously entertaining epic obviously influenced by car-chase classics from Bullitt and Vanishing Point to Driver (especially) and The Blues Brothers but, nevertheless, just as obviously emanates from his pop-culture-crammed imagination.	July 14, 2017
Rich Heldenfels	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	Even with those reservations, I absolutely loved Baby Driver: the marvelous soundtrack, the blending of music and choreographed movement, the car scenes that are so exciting that I thought I was being fed megadoses of caffeine.	July 13, 2017
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	It takes a lot of effort to be effortlessly cool.	July 13, 2017
Ron Wilkinson	fresh	It's Just Movies	Justin Bieber meets James Dean and Route 66 will never be the same.	July 13, 2017
Vicky Roach	rotten	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	After eating exhaust fumes for the best part of two hours, this moviegoer left feeling decidedly queasy.	July 12, 2017
Leigh Paatsch	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	Baby Driver rewrites the four-wheeled film textbook on how to tear up tarmac with style, substance and spectacularly syncopated stunts that just never, ever let up.	July 12, 2017
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	From the very first chase sequence, the beauty in the heart-racing, dance-like choreography is evident and you're totally engrossed. There's no getting off this whirligig ride.	July 12, 2017
Edward Porter	fresh	Times (UK)	It's been a while since we saw a crime thriller with such a healthy chance of making viewers smile.	July 11, 2017
Michael Sragow	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	At its best, it affects us like adrenaline mixed with laughing gas. But when Baby Driver, like the Energizer bunny, keeps going and going and going (as with half of Wright's other films, it's 20 minutes too long), it manages to run on fumes.	July 11, 2017
John Serba	fresh	MLive.com	A fairy tale for pop cultists, by a pop cultist.	July 11, 2017
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	Edgar Wright pumps up the jams in Baby Driver, the best car chase musical since The Blues Brothers. (Admittedly, it's a narrow genre.)	July 11, 2017
Mikel Zorrilla	rotten	Espinof	A wonder during its first 30 minutes, but then doesn't know how to handle the arrival of new ingredients. [Full review in Spanish]	July 10, 2017
Christopher Orr	fresh	The Atlantic	Put in your metaphorical earbuds, turn the key in the ignition, and enjoy the cinematic highlight of the summer so far.	July 10, 2017
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	A typically erratic effort from Edgar Wright...	July 9, 2017
Margot Harrison	fresh	Seven Days	It's the incidentals that make Baby Driver something special, from the creatively conceived, meticulously scored car chases to the running joke about people's names and their use in songs.	July 8, 2017
Richard von Busack	fresh	MetroActive	A musical more than a rubber-burner, Baby Driver is the La La Land of caper films, derivative and occasionally fun -- take that as praise if you loved La La Land.	July 8, 2017
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	An unadulterated auteur w**k.	July 7, 2017
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	Fun and funny, if not especially deep, Baby Driver is a movie and music lover's ultimate love letter to movies and music.	July 7, 2017
Dan Lybarger	fresh	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	Wright assumes viewers are paying close attention and love obscure references and deep cuts. Thankfully, his obsessions are incurably contagious.	July 7, 2017
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	...the proverbial summer action movie, but done with enough wit and flair that you don't feel like you've seen it over and over again...	July 7, 2017
Michael Smith	fresh	Tulsa World	High-concept and full of style, as well as brutal violence and hot cars, Baby Driver is the latest from writer-director Edgar Wright, and it's a welcome piece of original filmmaking in a summer of been-there, done-that franchises.	July 6, 2017
Tony Medley	fresh	Tolucan Times	...(some) in the audience won't be able to stomach the enormous plotholes in the script, but, for me, they were counterbalanced by the torrid pace. The romance is well done, due in large part to the scintillating performance of Lily James.	July 6, 2017
Jim Lane	fresh	Sacramento News & Review	Wright glosses over some plot points in the interest of getting on with things, but the car chases are the point, and they're terrific.	July 6, 2017
Liam Hanlon	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Amongst the deluge of summer blockbuster and extended universe releases, Baby Driver is a breath of fresh cinematic air.	July 6, 2017
Jason Best	fresh	Movie Talk	Edgar Wright's car-chase thriller has so much va-va-voom it will leave you grinning with pleasure.	July 6, 2017
MaryAnn Johanson	rotten	Flick Filosopher	Edgar Wright used to send up cinematic clichs with gusto and with huge humor. Here he just embraces them - and his sullen, unengaging hero - unironically.	July 4, 2017
David N. Butterworth	rotten	La Movie Boeuf	Don't believe the hype. This is one bad "'Driver."	July 4, 2017
Daniel de Partearroyo	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	A film that has a lot of style and attitude to be a big summer hit. [Full review in Spanish]	July 4, 2017
Mark Jackson	fresh	Epoch Times	Superb stunt-driving, a sweet romance, a mess of clich's kaleidoscoped into hot-dang! storytelling, and the only thing missing is Prince's "Baby Knows," and Patrick Swayze's "Nobody puts baby in a corner!"	July 3, 2017
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Edgar Wright's adrenaline-propelled, music-driven crime caper is a gas!	July 3, 2017
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	The man behind 'Hot Fuzz' and 'Shaun of the Dead' has come up with another dandy action film with a comic twist, but this is no parody. This is a cut above the standard crime action drama, aided by Edgar Wright's comic touch.	July 3, 2017
Tony Macklin	fresh	tonymacklin.net	It sometimes misses its target, but it certainly keeps on firing with high velocity.	July 3, 2017
Travis Johnson	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	Baby Driver is essentially one long shredding guitar solo of a film.	July 3, 2017
Charlotte O'Sullivan	fresh	London Evening Standard	Here's a prediction. First-year drama students will soon be Blu-Tacking the hell out of posters for Baby Driver, which will make Edgar Wright at once embarrassed and proud.	July 2, 2017
Brian Viner	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	A roaringly high-octane crime movie reminiscent of the best of Quentin Tarantino.	July 2, 2017
Andy Lea	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	While Wright is a master stylist, I'm still not convinced he is a great storyteller.	July 2, 2017
Mark Kermode	fresh	Observer (UK)	It's when the horns and drums of the Button Down Brass's Tequila become gunfire, or the madness of Hocus Pocus by Focus drives a breathless chase, that Wright really puts his foot down, with exhilarating results.	July 2, 2017
Louise Keller	fresh	Urban Cinefile	Everything has rhythm in Edgar Wright's Baby Driver, starting with its original premise, fresh execution and a soundtrack guaranteed to get pulses racing and feet tapping.	July 2, 2017
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	...the music is something you feel. Music connects every scene, connects every character, every action flows from Wright's eclectic mix of tracks, all special in their own way.	July 2, 2017
Matt Brunson	fresh	Creative Loafing	Between the character dynamics, the vehicular stuntwork, and the carefully chosen soundtrack, Baby Driver clicks on all cylinders -- at least until it hits the homestretch.	July 1, 2017
Brandon Judell	fresh	Huffington Post	Ansel Elgort bops around 'Baby Driver' like 'Saturday Night Fever's Tony Manero, with his ear buds semi-glued in. You keep expecting a few disco balls to pop into view while the Bee Gees let loose on the soundtrack.	July 1, 2017
Gary Wolcott	fresh	Tri-City Herald	Baby Driver is a nice twist on an old car chase, car crash, bullets flying everywhere and hitting everyone but the main characters genre. Fun flick.	July 1, 2017
Ray Pride	fresh	Newcity	Boisterous, crackerjack, bubblegum power-pop, adrenaline-stoking coolly-choreographed manic action, fragrant with delight in its own substantial craft, Edgar Wright's zooming genre riff Baby Driver is an epic car-chase confabulation.	July 1, 2017
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	Baby Driver might not live entirely up to the hype, but that doesn't make it any less wonderful, Wright once again showing he's a fearless genre-busting directorial wunderkind who's creative gas tank overflows in originality.	June 30, 2017
Marcos Ganda	fresh	Sensacine	Baby Driver becomes an enjoyment for the palates of the connoisseurs and a joy for lovers of speed, shots, teen love stories, bastards dialogues and playlist wisdom. [Full review in Spanish]	June 30, 2017
Peter Sobczynski	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Those who do give it a chance should find it to be the kind of pure cinematic adrenaline that will leave them giddy, thoroughly entertained and determined to rush off and tell someone about what they have just seen.	June 30, 2017
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	...the edits and camera swerves are completely in sync with the songs.	June 30, 2017
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Baby Driver is a symphony of style, sound and story.	June 30, 2017
Frank Wilkins	fresh	Reel Reviews	A genre-crossing masterpiece with music on the brain and burnt rubber in its soul	June 30, 2017
Aakash Karkare	fresh	Scroll.in	A pure visceral joy is written into the film's many set pieces, which have been shot without too many special effects and rolled out at breakneck speed.	June 30, 2017
Gary Dowell	fresh	Dark Horizons	It works like a charm, especially when Wright's alchemy is applied to some jaw-dropping chase scenes and in-camera car stunts that make the CGI cheating of the "Fast and Furious" franchise look like amateur night.	June 30, 2017
Jeff Simon	fresh	Buffalo News	Go to the movies, sit down, be entertained for 113 minutes, crank up the car radio on the way home - with luck, on a perfectly clear summer night.	June 30, 2017
Kristian M. Lin	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	The astonishing fluidity with which [Wright] puts together the music, editing, and performances gives Baby Driver the sensation of riding in a high-performance car with just the right song coming over the speakers. The world seems to fall into place.	June 30, 2017
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	There are great movies you admire, and then there are great movies you admire that also make you deliriously happy. Baby Driver is the latter.	June 30, 2017
Tom Meek	fresh	Cambridge Day	Besides the chase sequences, what makes Baby Driver go is the hot potpourri of personalities Baby gets paired with.	June 30, 2017
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	Huffington Post	Edgar Wright picked the perfect actor to play Baby. Ansel Elgort slides into this character like it is a second skin.	June 30, 2017
Ryan Pollard	fresh	Starburst	Edgar Wright has been an influential presence in cinema and once again, he delivers in spades with Baby Driver rocketing upwards into the higher echelons as one of the best films to come out of this year.	June 30, 2017
Alan Zilberman	fresh	Washington City Paper	This is the rare, unique entertainment that takes classic action tropes, and turbocharges them.	June 30, 2017
Max Weiss	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	It's a wild ride, a highly caffeinated tour de force filled with great action, lots of deadpan humor, and the kind of prevailing coolness that makes you want to drink espresso, troll vintage record stores, and watch old Steve McQueen films when it's over.	June 30, 2017
Rich Cline	fresh	Contactmusic.com	It's pure candy for the eyes and ears, impeccably staged by writer-director Edgar Wright. And we don't mind much that there's not much more to it than that.	June 30, 2017
Nick Hasted	fresh	The Arts Desk	Some of this film is a classic, and some of it's heartlessly superficial. Wright's obsessive cinephilia fuels both.	June 30, 2017
Todd Jorgenson	fresh	Cinemalogue	Visually inventive and meticulously edited, it's as much a showcase for its characters on four wheels as those with two legs, providing a visceral excitement while toying with clichs.	June 30, 2017
Jeffrey Overstreet	fresh	Looking Closer	Wright calibrates the noises of sirens, squealing brakes, even gunshots to participate in its pop-to-punk playlists, bringing new bursts of inspiration to familiar tracks.	June 30, 2017
Joyce Slaton	fresh	Common Sense Media	Car-centric crime action is stylish, but shallow, violent.	June 30, 2017
Jason Bailey	fresh	Flavorwire	In some ways, it feels like a step backward, considering the maturity and pathos that made his previous picture, 'The World's End,' one of his best. Still, you can't blame a director for wanting to pause his growth and play with his shiny Hollywood toys.	June 30, 2017
Robert Horton	fresh	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	Fast, violent, and absurd - and the driving is a blast, performed by stunt drivers, not digital effects.	June 30, 2017
Phil Villarreal	fresh	ABC Tucson	The only bad part of Baby Driver is the title.	June 30, 2017
Elias Savada	fresh	Film International	With an intensely supercharged soundtrack driving the frantic editing in this way-cool heist flick, there isn't much fat left to gnaw off the bones by the time the action hits the curb in the final act.	June 30, 2017
Sonny Bunch	fresh	Washington Free Beacon	Well worth seeing on the biggest screen with the best sound system possible.	June 30, 2017
Henry K. Miller	fresh	Sight and Sound	Pedestrian is not the first word that springs to mind in connection with Edgar Wright's films, but no one has better captured the pleasure of walking while listening to pop music.	June 30, 2017
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	The direction, cinematography, stunts, and soundtrack are the true star performers that make the film a fun ride. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)	June 30, 2017
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	I've never been to the opera, nor have I ever seen a 90-piece orchestra play Beethoven. But I imagine this - the action in this movie - is what it must feel like. Baby Driver is symphonic. It's ecstatic. It's hypnotic. When it soars, it soars.	June 30, 2017
Stephen Silver	fresh	Splice Today	A rollicking action/adventure/comedy/romance/musical that finds a dynamite angle and sticks with it. Here's a film that's fun, and totally unabashed about it.	June 30, 2017
Allan Hunter	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	Baby Driver is often very entertaining but brace yourself for the violence.	June 30, 2017
Terry Staunton	rotten	Radio Times	The disjointed plot of this fast and spurious jaunt frustrates at every corner taken in fifth gear.	June 30, 2017
Orlando Maldonado	fresh	Movie Network	Within its small failures it would be an act of irresponsibility not to recognize the merits of the electrifying Baby Driver. [Full review in Spanish]	June 29, 2017
Walter Chaw	fresh	Film Freak Central	Baby Driver is just good enough to highlight the many ways it could've been a masterpiece.	June 29, 2017
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	I mean, hot dayum!	June 29, 2017
Andy Psyllides	fresh	Sky Cinema	Too much works to get hung up on the misses - Wright's film is an absolute blast.	June 29, 2017
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	Baby Driver is a blast of pure pop energy.	June 29, 2017
AP Kryza	fresh	Willamette Week	It takes a scant five minutes for Baby Driver to feel like one of the best car-chase films of all time.	June 29, 2017
Molly Laich	fresh	Missoula Independent	What a fun and thrilling summertime romp	June 29, 2017
Andrea Gronvall	fresh	Chicago Reader	Oozing menace as addicted bank robbers, Jamie Foxx and Jon Hamm are all the more charismatic thanks to Bill Pope's luscious noir photography. Credit Jonathan Amos and Paul Machliss for the razor-sharp editing.	June 29, 2017
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	Edgar Wright's Baby Driver is one of the most entertaining thrill rides of this year, this decade.	June 29, 2017
Rob Carnevale	fresh	Indie London	Edgar Wright has delivered the film of the summer, and one of the best of the year, with Baby Driver, a heist movie that tips its hat to past classics while retaining an energy and style that's steadfastly its own.	June 29, 2017
J.R. Kinnard	fresh	PopMatters	Baby Driver is an immersive thriller that seduces you to embrace its ridiculously fun excesses.	June 29, 2017
Sean Burns	fresh	The ARTery	I found the movie's slick, shiny surfaces entertaining to a point but once again wish this frustrating filmmaker would go as deep as his debut.	June 29, 2017
Deborah Ross	rotten	The Spectator	The car-chase movie reinvented? Maybe, but it just hasn't been reinvented enough.	June 29, 2017
Stephen Schaefer	fresh	Boston Herald	England's Edgar Wright, already a critical and cult favorite, casts a glorious summertime spell with Baby Driver, a speed- and music-propelled gangster saga that transforms into a coming-of-age character study.	June 29, 2017
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	This is summer action done right.	June 29, 2017
Joe Morgenstern	fresh	Wall Street Journal	This is not a philosophy of criminology, or a new pathology of antisocial behavior, but it makes for a terrific night at the movies.	June 29, 2017
Steve Davis	fresh	Austin Chronicle	Remember the visceral excitement you felt the first time you saw De Palma's Carrie, Scorsese's Raging Bull or Tarantino's Pulp Fiction...? Baby Driver induces the same reaction.	June 29, 2017
Bilge Ebiri	fresh	Village Voice	Wright's movie delivers action that's convincing and concrete - the cars seem real, even when the people don't.	June 29, 2017
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	If you fancy lots of rock 'n' roll choices in your movies, the latest from Brit Edgar Wright seriously steps on the classical gas.	June 29, 2017
George Thomas	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	Elgort creates a thoroughly conflicted, likable character with all the vulnerabilities of a person befitting his youth who has to grow and grow up ridiculously fast.	June 29, 2017
Vincent Mancini	fresh	FilmDrunk	Edgar Wright has an uncanny ability to identify these weird little snippets of pop culture detritus and not only sample them, but in the process give them soul.	June 29, 2017
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	As far as car chases go, Bullitt has no edge on this stylish fecal thriller.	June 29, 2017
Patrick Kolan	fresh	Shotgun Cinema	It delights me to report that Baby Driver is a monumental f---ing triumph. This is the best action movie of 2017 and the best thing Wright has done to date.	June 29, 2017
Nigel Andrews	fresh	Financial Times	It's a triumph. It's as lightweight as a souffl, yet as solid as a Ferrari. And it interweaves the inner and outer lives of its hero lightly but with real perception.	June 29, 2017
Candice Frederick	fresh	Reel Talk Online	So fun, oddly romantic, and revitalizes the film soundtrack	June 29, 2017
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	Edgar Wright's start to finish sensation is blessed with killer car chases, a star-making turn from Ansel Elgort, the year's best soundtrack and the most fun you'll have at the movies all summer.	June 29, 2017
Anthony Ray Bench	fresh	Film Threat	Baby Driver is a frenetic, funky, fast and manic fun time at the movies you won't want to miss this summer.	June 29, 2017
Geoffrey Macnab	fresh	Independent (UK)	In a summer of yet more synthetic blockbusters, Baby Driver feels entirely original. This is jukebox filmmaking, a wildly energetic movie whose characters behave in line with the songs that fill its soundtrack.	June 28, 2017
Sam Adams	fresh	Slate	In Edgar Wright's Baby Driver, even the machine guns fire in time with the beat.	June 28, 2017
Norman Wilner	fresh	NOW Toronto	If Walter Hill and Jean-Luc Godard had a movie baby, it'd look just like Baby Driver -- but it wouldn't sound half as good.	June 28, 2017
Michael Heaton	rotten	Cleveland Plain Dealer	The music helps distract viewers from the fact that they have no emotional investment in any of these characters or the story itself.	June 28, 2017
Thelma Adams	fresh	Observer	Edgar Wright's crackling crime caper rises to the top of this summer's most entertaining movies. It satisfies my need for speed, baby.	June 28, 2017
Barry Paris	fresh	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	Lurching between mind-boggling car chases and a cliched young love subplot, the film starts strong and ends weak - both exhilarating and disappointing - but worth seeing for its razzle-dazzle, if mindless, action.	June 28, 2017
Chris Agar	fresh	ScreenRant	Baby Driver is an exhilarating and tense thrill ride that's infectious with its high-octane energy, sheer creativity, and strong performances.	June 28, 2017
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	Summer can finally start now: Baby Driver is that blast of energy we've all been waiting for.	June 28, 2017
Josh Bell	fresh	Las Vegas Weekly	It's like a mediocre crime thriller crossed with several very good music videos.	June 28, 2017
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	Driven by an infectious soundtrack and revved up action, 'Baby Driver' is a gas!	June 28, 2017
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	Daily Film Fix	...there is a sequence at the beginning of the film that is pure "Singin' in the Rain" magic. It's a fantastic, absolutely fantastic car chase set perfectly to a pop tune.	June 28, 2017
Joshua Rothkopf	fresh	Time Out	Baby Driver is sweet fantasy, unlike more violent and existential vehicular visions such as Drive or Bullitt. That means its two-bit thieves and criminal masterminds (Jamie Foxx, Jon Hamm, Kevin Spacey) are enjoyably cartoonish.	June 28, 2017
Dwight Brown	fresh	National Newspaper Publishers Association	The car chase scenes are the guts of this oddball movie, and they don't disappoint.	June 28, 2017
Martin Roberts	fresh	Fan The Fire	A common criticism of blockbusters these days is a perceived lack of wit or invention -- the sense that big budgets and special effects are often used to paper over fundamental cracks. Baby Driver is an antidote to that feeling.	June 28, 2017
Dana Barbuto	fresh	The Patriot Ledger	Wright builds his script on the back of a killer soundtrack.	June 28, 2017
Matthew Razak	fresh	Flixist.com	Baby Driver should be seen simply because it is such a bold and wonderful idea. That's why I kind of hate to say that it doesn't pull it off fully.	June 28, 2017
Katherine Monk	fresh	Ex-Press.com	Baby Driver winks at our obsession with money and power, without actually winking at all. The film's palpably sincere heart saves it from being smarmy, and Wright's direction keeps the emotional arcs predictable, but pure.	June 28, 2017
Calvin Wilson	fresh	St. Louis Post-Dispatch	It's the kind of action-comedy that makes you want to see it again a second after it's over.	June 28, 2017
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	Action lovers will be impressed by the film's choreography and live stunts, one driver entering and exiting a narrow alley with 180 degree spins.	June 28, 2017
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	It's a crazy feature, but not consistently so, strangely applying the brakes when the viewing experience is best served at top speed with blazing music.	June 28, 2017
Christian Toto	fresh	HollywoodInToto.com	Underneath Baby Driver's hood is the sweetest on-screen romance in ages.	June 28, 2017
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	Having hooked us with style, Wright knows he has to deliver on the story, and he does. His plotting is tight and fluid, wild and ultimately satisfying.	June 28, 2017
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	"Baby Driver" somehow maintains a tone of sweetness even as bullets fly, blood spurts, and gears are stripped. In fact, the movie feels like Tarantino minus the sleaze.	June 28, 2017
Matthew Turner	fresh	iNews.co.uk	Cleverly blends elements of True Romance and Drive. Its cult status seems assured.	June 28, 2017
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Fast and Curious action flick driven by cool playlist, hot wheels , and style for miles. Love the soundtrack, baby.	June 28, 2017
Kam Williams	fresh	Baret News	All you really need to know about Baby Driver is that it's the best film of the year so far, hands down.	June 28, 2017
Jeffrey Lyles	fresh	Lyles' Movie Files	Edgar Wright has little time for genre restrictions. Baby Driver is a unique and engaging presentation that avoids obvious comparisons.	June 28, 2017
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Never before has an action thriller been this well executed or wildly entertaining.	June 28, 2017
David Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	"Baby Driver" is the "Bullitt" for a new generation of moviegoers almost 50 years later.	June 28, 2017
Frank Swietek	fresh	One Guy's Opinion	Arguably spins out of control in the last act, but overall it makes for a wild ride that provides the sort of juice you'd expect from a top-of-the-line muscle car.	June 28, 2017
Tim Grierson	fresh	Screen International	It's a fun genre mashup that's also rather disposable, offering quick surges of pleasure akin to the cavalcade of tasty pop, rock and R&B songs that litter the soundtrack and provide the film's heartbeat.	June 28, 2017
Eric D. Snider	fresh	EricDSnider.com	If the use of music is a gimmick, it's a remarkably well-executed one, successfully transforming the familiar material into something buoyant and new.	June 28, 2017
Chris Klimek	fresh	NPR	Walk or take public transit to the theater, as the urge to drive recklessly on your way home will likely prove overwhelming.	June 28, 2017
Kate Muir	fresh	Times (UK)	A hit of speed and cartoonish amusement, smoothly chauffeured on to the screen by Edgar Wright, the man behind Hot Fuzz.	June 28, 2017
Robert W. Butler	fresh	Kansas City Star	The results are both familiar and fresh.	June 27, 2017
Barry Hertz	fresh	Globe and Mail	Wright has a peerless skill in syncing up his images to the beats and rhythms of a diverse soundtrack, giving new life to tracks that have long seemed exhausted	June 27, 2017
Harry Guerin	fresh	RT (Ireland)	Wright takes his foot off the floor here and there in the second half with too much yapping, but otherwise the mix of hardboiled and heartwarming is just right.	June 27, 2017
Ann Hornaday	fresh	Washington Post	As charming as Baby Driver strives to be, the appeal starts to curdle once Wright makes his fetishistic aims clear.	June 27, 2017
Lindsey Bahr	fresh	Associated Press	There's nothing like an epic getaway chase to kick a movie into high gear, and the first five minutes of Baby Driver are pure movie magic.	June 27, 2017
Chris Hewitt	fresh	St. Paul Pioneer Press	Although Baby Driver is technically a heist/chase film, what it's really about is how much in love Wright is with what movies can do.	June 27, 2017
Rafer Guzman	fresh	Newsday	The band Spacemen 3 once titled an album "Taking Drugs to Make Music to Take Drugs To"... Edgar Wright, a major record-head, might appreciate this comparison: He makes movies out of ideas that are too crazy to make movies out of.	June 27, 2017
Genevieve Koski	fresh	Vox	Baby Driver finds Wright directly in his wheelhouse -- reverently and knowingly deploying genre tropes with visual style and musical panache -- and his enthusiasm is apparent in each and every frame.	June 27, 2017
Adam Graham	rotten	Detroit News	[Baby Driver] is very savvy about pop music and pop culture, and it has a number of thrilling car chase sequences. But those are side items, not main courses, and you can't put dessert before the meal. It winds up driving in circles.	June 27, 2017
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	When Baby Driver gets its engines revved up, it owns the road.	June 27, 2017
Liz Braun	fresh	Toronto Sun	Baby Driver is wild, violent, often very funny and hugely inventive. Wright puts you right in the driver's seat with Baby for spectacular car escapades, but the characters and conversations he creates are just as gripping.	June 27, 2017
Justin Chang	fresh	Los Angeles Times	This is movie craftsmanship and showmanship of a very high order.	June 27, 2017
Stephanie Zacharek	fresh	TIME Magazine	Wright has orchestrated every swerve and near smashup -- and one glorious foot chase -- with precision, a rarity in action filmmaking these days.	June 27, 2017
Brian Lowry	fresh	CNN.com	As sharply executed as a hairpin turn, Baby Driver is a crackling-good ride, one that organically weaves music and humor into a slick showcase for its cast.	June 27, 2017
Abby Olcese	fresh	Sojourners	It's less a movie than a feature-length exercise in editing and sound design. While that makes for a thrilling picture, the overall result is a movie that feels empty.	June 27, 2017
Eric Eisenberg	fresh	CinemaBlend	Bleeding a special cinematic language while being brilliantly unique, it's put together unlike anything you've seen before	June 27, 2017
Nell Minow	fresh	Beliefnet	Fasten your seatbelts. This one is pedal to the metal all the way home.	June 27, 2017
Donald Clarke	fresh	Irish Times	Baby Driver comes across like Grand Theft Auto (the game, not the film) as directed by Stanley Donen. It's that much fun. It has that much profundity.	June 27, 2017
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	A welcomed shot of adrenaline and great music at the movies. [Full review in Spanish]	June 27, 2017
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	This film is a whole lot of fun in an inventive package.	June 27, 2017
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	The result is easily one of the best rides of the summer.	June 27, 2017
Blake Crane	fresh	Film Racket	a winning composition	June 27, 2017
Manohla Dargis	fresh	New York Times	There's much to enjoy in "Baby Driver," including the satisfactions of genuine cinematic craft and technique, qualities that moviegoers can no longer take for granted.	June 27, 2017
Robbie Collin	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	The Italian director Bernardo Bertolucci was once credited with making "intravenous cinema", but there's no better imaginable description of Baby Driver, which seems to shoot directly from the screen into your arteries.	June 27, 2017
Sara Stewart	fresh	New York Post	It's been a week since I saw "Baby Driver," and I'm still pleasantly buzzed.	June 27, 2017
Charles Bramesco	fresh	Little White Lies	The adrenaline high of this clean getaway lasts for days.	June 27, 2017
Steve Persall	fresh	Tampa Bay Times	Wright takes music video literalization to breathtaking heights. Baby Driver doesn't operate from its hero's point of view but rather his point of hearing, essentially the same thing. Wright's ingenious approach literally turns the genre on its ear.	June 27, 2017
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	I will not penalize a good movie for merely being good.	June 27, 2017
Peter Bradshaw	fresh	Guardian	What a rush.	June 27, 2017
Mike Scott	fresh	Times-Picayune	A subtly innovative blend of cars, guns, music and old-school cool, it's also one of those increasingly rare creatures in Hollywood: an undeniably original movie.	June 27, 2017
Nick Newman	fresh	The Film Stage	Wright doesn't simply apply technical precision and innovation to genre-smart storytelling - he also makes what must be exhausting work look like so much fun.	June 27, 2017
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	Almost like a radical movie musical, as if La La Land collided with Mad Max by way of Quentin Tarantino.	June 27, 2017
A.A. Dowd	fresh	AV Club	Everything in Baby Driver, from the rubber-on-road action scenes to the expositional conversations, is its own kind of set piece, engineered to hit pleasure centers with homing-missile accuracy.	June 27, 2017
Bill Goodykoontz	fresh	Arizona Republic	Wright's idea is to grab you by the throat from the beginning and never let go. He is consistent and mostly successful in this aim.	June 27, 2017
Alistair Ryder	fresh	Film Inquiry	Baby Driver is an indelible cinematic sugar rush and is further proof that Edgar Wright is the true saviour of popcorn cinema.	June 27, 2017
Joanna Langfield	fresh	The Movie Minute	Edgar Wright puts pedal to the metal, delivering a genre-spin that's colossal entertainment.	June 27, 2017
Rick Bentley	fresh	Tribune News Service	Baby Driver is filled with fascinating characters who could all be the focus of their own movies.	June 27, 2017
Gary Thompson	fresh	Philadelphia Daily News	Wright secured the rights to the songs before he started production, then shot and edited the sequences to match the rhythm and energy of the tunes, the effect is often electrifying.	June 26, 2017
Elena Nicolaou	fresh	Refinery29	After seeing Baby Driver, every other action movie - no matter the high production value and star power - will just seem lazy.	June 26, 2017
Devan Coggan	fresh	Entertainment Weekly	With Wright in the driver's seat, your standard getaway driver story is transformed into a giddy, adrenaline-filled joyride that'll leave you gripping the edge of your seat and tapping your feet.	June 26, 2017
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	When all cylinders are pumping, Baby Driver is an enchanting experiment that puts the pedal to the metal. And even a few off notes can't stop the beat of Wright's fast and furious symphony.	June 26, 2017
Don Kaye	fresh	Den of Geek	Wright edits the film almost perfectly to the music, creating a kinetic rush of a cinematic experience.	June 26, 2017
Mike Ryan	fresh	Uproxx	The coolest movie of the summer.	June 26, 2017
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	It's cute, to be sure, but is it anything more than that? Maybe it doesn't have to be.	June 26, 2017
Anthony Lane	rotten	New Yorker	The regrettable truth is that Baby's a dull boy.	June 26, 2017
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	Combustible Celluloid	An exciting, gleeful movie.	June 26, 2017
Matt Prigge	fresh	Metro	Arrives like the Calvary to save our depressingly franchise-heavy summer movie season.	June 26, 2017
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	Just what you want a summer movie to be.	June 26, 2017
J. Olson	fresh	Cinemixtape	Put up against [Wright's] earlier work, it wilts.	June 26, 2017
Kevin Lally	fresh	Film Journal International	Fueled by a retro soundtrack and an anarchic spirit, Baby Driver is like Drive on speed.	June 26, 2017
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Wright is savvy enough to realize that suspense and tension require characters that are more than human figures in a CGI playground. He does just enough with the men and women populating Baby Driver for us to get a sense of who they are.	June 26, 2017
Brian Tallerico	fresh	RogerEbert.com	Feels both influenced by the modern era of self-aware, pop-culture filmmaking and charmingly old-fashioned at the same time, which is only one of its minor miracles.	June 26, 2017
Jason Zingale	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	Baby Driver is a music-driven, adrenaline-pumping ballet of sight and sound that needs to be seen on the big screen to fully enjoy.	June 26, 2017
Dustin Putman	fresh	TheFilmFile.com	A high-wire, hyper-cool, adrenaline-fueled fusion of music, action and ecstasy. There has never been anything quite like what writer-director Edgar Wright has accomplished.	June 26, 2017
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Baby Driver is a turbo-charged action classic.	June 26, 2017
Will Leitch	fresh	Paste Magazine	The movie is a foot-tapping, sing-a-long gas, though, like many a summer movie before it, it's best if you don't spend too much time reflecting on its twists and turns, or expect much emotional involvement.	June 25, 2017
Victoria Alexander	fresh	FilmsInReview.com	Edgar Wright put a YA storyline into a heist plot. Unfortunately, sweet Elgort - a criminal - has no dark edges. Baby has 8 out of 10 symptoms of Asperger's Syndrome.	June 25, 2017
Stephen Whitty	fresh	Newark Star-Ledger	All of this is great fun.	June 25, 2017
Edward Douglas	fresh	The Weekend Warrior	A grand entry into more straightforward American genre film-mixing by Wright, while still maintaining all the things we've loved about his previous movies.	June 24, 2017
Jake Cole	fresh	Slant Magazine	Baby Driver literalizes Edgar Wright's fascination with people's emotional overreliance on pop culture as a cover for arrested development.	June 24, 2017
Armond White	fresh	National Review	[A] curious, coddling delight.	June 23, 2017
Matt Goldberg	fresh	Collider	By using music as a way to tell us about character and emotions, Wright isn't simply doing cool stuff with the soundtrack. He's showing us something that's both beautiful and tragic about his protagonist. He gives us a movie you'll want to put on repeat.	June 23, 2017
Edward Douglas	fresh	New York Daily News	Loads of fun, Baby Driver gives a great ride.	June 23, 2017
Ian Sandwell	fresh	Digital Spy	Baby Driver is certainly an entertaining ride but when you pop the hood there's not much under its shiny surface.	June 22, 2017
Stephen Rebello	fresh	Playboy Online	You don't just leave this 112-minute movie smiling; you leaved so pumped and energized, you may just want to turn around, strap in and take the sweet ride all over again.	June 22, 2017
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	If not the best movie of the year, it's definitely the most fun. The premise may be familiar, but we've never seen it done quite like this before.	June 22, 2017
Roger Moore	fresh	Movie Nation	Forget your comic books and sci-fi sequels. THIS is the movie of the summer.	June 22, 2017
Harvey S. Karten	fresh	Shockya.com	Probably the best film in cinema history whose plot is driven by a young man's tinnitus. I dare any other studio to have a better soundtrack this year.	June 21, 2017
David Edelstein	fresh	New York Magazine/Vulture	This is the first thriller I've seen in a long time that feels handmade.	June 21, 2017
Terri White	fresh	Empire Magazine	An awe-inspiring piece of filmmaking from Edgar Wright. Sweet, funny and utterly original - you won't see a film like it this year.	June 20, 2017
Matt Looker	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	It zips along at a fast pace, cruising on cool characters and a nifty knack for nailing every beat in every scene.	June 20, 2017
Josh Slater-Williams	fresh	The Skinny	The relationship between music and motion proves the defining attribute of Edgar Wright's thrilling latest.	June 13, 2017
Scott Menzel	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Baby Driver proves once again that Edgar Wright is a creative genius and can take on any genre and knock it out of the park.	May 31, 2017
Jon Espino	fresh	The Young Folks	Baby Driver is hopefully the first in a long line of experimental films from accomplished auteur Edgar Wright.	April 7, 2017
Bryan Bishop	fresh	The Verge	Baby Driver is exhilarating, fantastically entertaining, and mildly frustrating, all at the same time. Wright's directorial execution has never been better, and he's able to construct chase sequences that put the Fast and Furious series to shame.	March 17, 2017
Britt Hayes	fresh	ScreenCrush	With Baby Driver, Edgar Wright is officially five-for-five, a rare accomplishment in filmmaking and one that basically guarantees his elevation to all-timer status.	March 16, 2017
Terri Schwartz	fresh	IGN Movies	Even though the story isn't as impactful as its stylized packaging, Wright creates a delightful new film that is sure to satisfy his legions of fans.	March 16, 2017
Kristy Puchko	fresh	CBR	Tapping less into emotions and more into adrenaline and wonder, it's more style than substance, but oh, what style!	March 15, 2017
Eric Kohn	fresh	indieWire	Equal parts slapstick and visceral thrills, but never too far from a reality check.	March 14, 2017
Sam Fragoso	fresh	TheWrap	The movie exists in this dreamlike state of ecstasy for nearly 70 minutes. Then there's a peculiar pivot into conventionality.	March 14, 2017
Dan Casey	fresh	Nerdist	This is a ride well worth taking and one that will leave you with a smile on your face (and many, many earworms) long after credits roll.	March 13, 2017
Joe Gross	fresh	Austin American-Statesman	Baby Driver is an ode to those who need a stream of tunes in their heads, everywhere, all the time, and a cinematic high-five to the movies that made Wright the absurdly talented music-n-film dork he is today.	March 13, 2017
Joanna Robinson	fresh	Vanity Fair	A curious blend of heightened comical world building and legitimate tragedy and danger.	March 13, 2017
Jane Mulkerrins	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	To the strains of what will undoubtedly become the soundtrack of the summer, Baby Driver can grab the spoils and take a victory lap.	March 13, 2017
Erik Childress	fresh	The Playlist	A Fast and Furious Fantasia that stands apart from the pack.	March 12, 2017
Jada Yuan	fresh	New York Magazine/Vulture	Plays out like blasting your coolest friend's record collection in your car at 100 mph on the Atlanta freeway while cops close in on all sides - essentially what happens in the movie again and again, to always-riveting effect.	March 12, 2017
Matt Donato	fresh	We Got This Covered	Baby Driver proves why we should never doubt Edgar Wright's vision, because few filmmakers can back their ambition with such quality thrills.	March 12, 2017
Joshua Starnes	fresh	ComingSoon.net	Like a juggler balancing spinning plates, Baby Driver would fall apart if it ever stopped moving. As long as the plates are spinning, though, it's magic.	March 12, 2017
Meredith Borders	fresh	Birth.Movies.Death.	So rhythmic, so kinetic, that it pulls you into its cadence, bringing you into Baby's world as surely as if you were sharing headphones.	March 12, 2017
Nathan McVay	fresh	HeyUGuys	Edgar Wright returns with an incredible heist movie, built with love, precision and a great deal of fun. His best film yet, and surely one of the best films of the year.	March 12, 2017
Fred Topel	fresh	We Live Entertainment	If Wright keeps creating original masterpieces like Baby Driver, maybe that throws down the gauntlet for the big franchises to keep up!	March 12, 2017
Peter Debruge	fresh	Variety	Like all Edgar Wright movies, "Baby Driver" is a blast, featuring wall-to-wall music and a surfeit of inspired ideas. But it's also something of a mess ...	March 12, 2017
John DeFore	fresh	Hollywood Reporter	A sweet and speed-crazed crime film you can dance to.	March 12, 2017
Michael Roffman	fresh	Consequence of Sound	This is the La La Land of car chase movies, a jaw-shattering spectacle of sight and sound that sets the bar through the roof for any filmmakers currently cutting their teeth in music videos.	March 12, 2017
William Bibbiani	fresh	CraveOnline	A supercool and ultragroovy heist flick that uses music the way the rest of us use air, and an instant candidate for one of the best car chase movies ever.	March 12, 2017
Andrew Kendall	fresh	Stabroek News	What we're left with is a sort of action-lark with Smith in good form, and a general thematic warmth and hopefulness that seems a bit nave but is charming despite itself.	November 16, 2019
Gaspar Zimerman	rotten	Clarn	Everything seems to be done mechanically. [Full review in Spanish]	November 15, 2019
Hernn Ferreirs	rotten	La Nacin (Argentina)	The best cloning, however, is in the script, which only has ideas duplicated from other films. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 14, 2019
Mark Jackson	fresh	Epoch Times	A cloned human is created by no god, but a human body needs a soul to animate it. Nature abhors a vacuum. What kinds of entities will creep in and animate that human clone are stories the horror genre will address in the future, but this is a good start.	November 10, 2019
Katherine Monk	fresh	Ex-Press.com	A weak assembly of Terminator parts and I, Robot code strings, Gemini Man runs its program without major glitches, but you can always feel the ghost in the machine.	November 10, 2019
Beatriz Martnez	fresh	Fotogramas	Ang Lee shines again in the technical aspect in Gemini Man. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 8, 2019
Rubn Rosario	fresh	MiamiArtZine	Yes, it takes a while to acclimate to the video-y sheen, but those willing to take the plunge will likely not be disappointed by this pleasant, agreeably silly flick that did not merit its critical drubbing...	November 7, 2019
Ali Gray	rotten	TheShiznit.co.uk	What's truly baffling is why a movie boasting such impressive visuals would be sold so short by a story that feels like something Steven Seagal would have passed on in 1998.	November 2, 2019
Roxana Hadadi	rotten	Chesapeake Family Magazine	The technology of Gemini Man may be amazing, but the narrative is anything but.	October 31, 2019
Brian Gill	rotten	Mad About Movies Podcast	It is embarrassing that a movie with this much star power with this much money being poured into the attempts at visual spectacle couldn't spare a pittance for a script doctor to clean up the horrific dialogue.	October 29, 2019
Peter Martin	fresh	ScreenAnarchy	During the heyday of high-concept action movies in the 1990s, Ang Lee's latest would-be extravaganza would have fit in perfectly.	October 29, 2019
Michael Sragow	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	The real mystery here: How did Lee and such a gifted cast and crew end up with such a vacuum? The plot bumps along from one ludicrous turn or gaping hole to the next.	October 28, 2019
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	...a lackadaisically paced drama that's never quite able to wholeheartedly capture the viewer's interest and attention...	October 28, 2019
Dominic Griffin	fresh	Spectrum Culture	...at its best, Gemini Man proves that letting a filmmaker as talented and sincere as Lee back into the summer blockbuster space is a good start.	October 25, 2019
David Poland	rotten	Movie City News	The pursuit of 120 frames per second and a viable CG 3rd lead character overwhelms any attempt to tell a story well.	October 25, 2019
Robin Pierce	fresh	Starburst	For an action-packed thriller/chase movie with a slight seasoning of science fiction, this one is hard to beat.	October 25, 2019
Israel Acosta Aroche	rotten	Konexin	The movie is generic, boring, and a waste. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 25, 2019
Lisa Nesselson	rotten	France24	The basic premise is outstanding, and there's real food for thought here, but I left the theater hungry.	October 24, 2019
Siddhant Adlakha	rotten	Slashfilm	An aesthetic that brings all points of the frame into focus at once, regardless of the lens or shot in question, makes little sense when so much of the story is told from the perspective of an expert marksman.	October 24, 2019
Mark Goodyear	rotten	Battle Royale With Cheese	Gemini Man is no more and no less than a failed experiment. Generally, something like this would be easy to ignore, but with the sheer amount of talented people involved the project leads to one inescapable thought; this was a missed opportunity.	October 23, 2019
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	rotten	Cinexcepcin	The result, thus, is neither rounded in action nor does it take on density in verbal confrontations. In the end, everything indicates that we are facing a failed experiment, both technically and narratively. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 23, 2019
Francisco Marinero	fresh	El Mundo (Spain)	Ang Lee successfully incurs in a new genre with some spectacular visuals. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 22, 2019
Sheraz Farooqi	rotten	ComicBook Debate	Gemini Man stumbles as its half-baked story and poor dialogue hinders solid performances and strong visuals.	October 22, 2019
Jared Mobarak	fresh	Jaredmobarak.com	[HFR 3D in a theater] is the only way to truly witness Lee's vision. While the experience is better for it, however, the film's quality isn't automatically better too.	October 22, 2019
Udita Jhunjhunwala	rotten	Livemint	Maybe it was a sign that this film was ill-fated when it took almost 20 years for it to get off the ground.	October 22, 2019
Sameen Amer	rotten	The News International (Pakistan)	A damp squib that gets almost none of its elements right.	October 21, 2019
Christy Lemire	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	Like an assault on your eyeballs. Maybe you get used to it, but you shouldn't... Some of the action is fun, but it's really hard to get past the look of it.	October 21, 2019
Kiko Vega	fresh	Espinof	Gemini Man is a rare breed in b-level action and a sophisticated science-fiction take. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 21, 2019
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	Makes the work of its stuntmen and those effects artists feel dangerous and palpable and visceral.	October 21, 2019
Carlos Del Ro	rotten	Cine Premiere	Despite the talent and special effects at hand, Gemini Man won't go beyond being a simple anecdote. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 20, 2019
Javier Ocaa	rotten	El Pais (Spain)	Narratively, Gemini Man is a disaster. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 20, 2019
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	As a technical achievement, the film is impressive. Oscar-winning cinematographer Dion Beebe captures the action very well. Overall, this is a good action film with some interesting characters.	October 20, 2019
Matt Brunson	rotten	Film Frenzy	Gemini Man won't leave viewers seeing double as much as it will leave them seeing red.	October 19, 2019
Wenlei Ma	rotten	News.com.au	For a movie so reliant on its 3D pizzazz, Gemini Man is two-dimensional in every other way.	October 19, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Adelaide Review	... the ever-amiable Will made to seem dull and irritating. Quite a feat, really.	October 19, 2019
Alan Ng	fresh	Film Threat	Adding Ang Lee, Will Smith, and several million-dollar to production, Lee manages not to ruin the story with unnecessary Hollywood rigmarole.	October 19, 2019
George Elkind	rotten	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	This all climaxes weirdly in what's meant to be a straightforward emotional story but remains, by its nature as a high concept, too strange to be one - a fact the movie never acknowledges.	October 18, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	rotten	eFilmCritic.com	An enormous amount of time, money, and effort has gone into bringing the film to fruition, and that only makes the puniness of the end results all the more startling.	October 18, 2019
Micheal Compton	rotten	Bowling Green Daily News	It's a shame that it never comes together because the visual effects are actually quite good. If only Gemini Man had some substance to go with all of that style.	October 18, 2019
Bennett Campbell Ferguson	rotten	Willamette Week	It's time for Lee to remember the compassionate visionary he once was-and to be that visionary again.	October 17, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	"Gemini Man" gets by enough on the cast's pluck and charm to be just entertaining enough you won't hate yourself for stumbling into the theater and sitting through it.	October 17, 2019
Olive Pometsey	rotten	GQ Magazine [UK]	Let's be clear, Gemini Man is not a terrible film, but it's the kind of film that would probably be better received on flight than in 3-D at your local iMax.	October 17, 2019
Sarah Cullen	rotten	Film Ireland Magazine	For most of its run-time Gemini Man is far from thrilling and appears stuck in nostalgia for a bygone time when manly men manfully transversed the globe in luxury jets saving the world.	October 17, 2019
Paul Farren	rotten	Film Ireland Magazine	All of these foibles would be a lot easier to forgive if they weren't trying to hold together a dated, hackneyed script whose sell by date is long past.	October 17, 2019
Matthew Pejkovic	rotten	Matt's Movie Reviews	Proves to be one of the worst films of the year, that completely wastes the talents of its cast and crew.	October 17, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	The young/old Will Smith is too gimmicky by half. Ang Lee does manage to keep the action going and the interest held.	October 17, 2019
Luke Baynes	rotten	Seven Days	A bland action thriller.	October 16, 2019
Perri Nemiroff	fresh	Collider Video	Will Smith (x2) and Mary Elizabeth Winstead make for an engaging lead duo in the middle of a very intriguing scenario, but there are too many half-baked components for Gemini Man to make much of an impression.	October 16, 2019
Rendy Jones	rotten	Rendy Reviews	"Hey, what if we made an action movie based on the insult, 'Why are you hitting yourself?' and made it the most generic narrative but also digitally profound?"	October 16, 2019
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	The bells and whistles are better than the plot.	October 16, 2019
Allen Adams	rotten	The Maine Edge	Gemini Man is too serious to be silly and too silly to be serious, and no amount of Will Smith (and there's a lot) or fancy camera tech (and there's a lot) can fix it. As far as this film's success is concerned, two Wills make a Won't.	October 16, 2019
Rob Carnevale	rotten	Indie London	Lee and Smith are both capable of so much better.	October 15, 2019
Cate Marquis	fresh	We Are Movie Geeks	While nothing happens that you don't expect, GEMINI MAN provides plenty of popcorn entertain for Will Smith fans.	October 15, 2019
Phumlani S Langa	rotten	City Press (South Africa)	Audiences are getting wiser to the tricks used and the envelope will have to be pushed even further by film creators everywhere, in order to do this.	October 15, 2019
Theresa Smith	rotten	Weekend Special (South Africa)	At no point do you care about any of the characters...every bit of emotional interplay that might be happening is referenced in dialogue and the score does nothing to speed up or slow down action or add emotional heft.	October 15, 2019
Ruben Peralta Rigaud	rotten	Cocalecas	Not everything seen in Gemini Man is really convincing, either visually or in terms of content. [Full review in Spanish]	October 15, 2019
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	Roll up. Roll up. See it now. See it once. And never see it again.	October 15, 2019
Dan Sareen	fresh	One Room With A View	[Ang] Lee's film is perhaps one of the most important advocates for making the trip to see a film at the cinema... It just seems a shame that a team of writers couldn't cobble together something worthy of this technological landmark.	October 15, 2019
Deirdre Molumby	rotten	entertainment.ie	Proves what a naturally charismatic and talented lead Will Smith makes; but as an action-thriller, it's unimpressive with some questionable CGI.	October 15, 2019
Kent Garrison	rotten	Mad About Movies Podcast	Ang Lee does himself a disservice here by not leaning fully into the spectacle, with a script that bogs down the action to almost a complete standstill.	October 15, 2019
Rick Bentley	rotten	Tribune News Service	Those who can forget about all the technology and just get a whiff of the deep topics will find the film missing the target.	October 15, 2019
Jon Winkler	rotten	The Young Folks	Hackneyed, uninspired and most of all boring, there's no excitement in the story and no drive from the characters.	October 14, 2019
Matthew Lucas	rotten	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	There are parts of Gemini Man that look so tangible and real that it's as if we could reach out and touch Will Smith - but this fidelity to absolute realism seems to erase the cinematic artistry.	October 14, 2019
Tom Shone	rotten	Sunday Times (UK)	It isn't bad, especially, just spooky and weird: a perfect clone of a dumb American action movie.	October 14, 2019
Jason Bailey	rotten	Flavorwire	Perhaps what's most impressive about 'Gemini Man' is how it performs the magic trick of taking $138 million and turning it into a low-budget made-for-Cinemax thriller.	October 14, 2019
Eleanor Ringel Cater	rotten	Saporta Report (Atlanta)	Overall, "Gemini Man" is oddly cold ad mechanical.	October 14, 2019
Andrea Chase	rotten	Killer Movie Reviews	[J]ust because we >can< so something, does that automatically mean that we should? In the case of pitting an older Will Smith against a younger Will Smith courtesy of slick visual effects, the answer is a resounding no. Make that NO	October 14, 2019
Nick Johnston	fresh	Vanyaland	I was astonished how much I enjoyed this incredibly-competent and incredibly-stupid thriller, though I wish that they hadn't spoiled the twist in the marketing.	October 14, 2019
Ben Coleman	rotten	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Ang Lee's Gemini Man isn't a bad movie so much as it's a missed opportunity.	October 14, 2019
William Venegas	rotten	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	Gemini Man takes on a certain moralizing tone that is not believable. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Uncanny and eye-catching - as Ang Lee once again breaks cutting-edge cinematic boundaries.	October 14, 2019
Simran Hans	rotten	Observer (UK)	Never mind the silly science or that Smith's face is shoddily de-aged with digital technology to enable him to play Junior: it's simply hard to buy the actor as a weepy 23-year-old virgin.	October 14, 2019
Anton Bitel	fresh	Sight and Sound	Somehow all at once old-ass and state of the art, Gemini Man both races and creaks through fun, forgettable routines.	October 14, 2019
Kofi Outlaw	rotten	ComicBook.com	The lure of Will Smith and the visual spectacle may be worth a matinee price to action fans, but other than that, Gemini Man will soon be lost in the same limbo it was stuck in for decades, before it was pulled out for this failed attempt.	October 14, 2019
Oggs Cruz	rotten	Rappler	Gemini Man mistakes somberness with seriousness.	October 14, 2019
Simon Weaving	rotten	Screenwize	Whilst there are some heart-pumping action sequences, neither the technology nor the woeful script can save the experience from feeling a little like watching those clips of early flying machines, with plenty of flapping but little elevation.	October 14, 2019
Karen Krizanovich	rotten	Radio Times	It's possibly the director's worst film to date. Let's hope it's just a blip.	October 14, 2019
Charlotte O'Sullivan	rotten	London Evening Standard	Obviously, the dire dialogue doesn't help, but what blunts Smith's performance and makes the film itself hell to watch is the innovative, ultra-high-frame-rate which renders actors, objects and even the air somehow flimsy and weird and fake.	October 14, 2019
Steven Lloyd Wilson	rotten	Pajiba	Just go rewatch the Coors Light twins commercial if you need a clone fix. It has more depth and pathos than this mess.	October 14, 2019
Nick Hasted	rotten	The Arts Desk	The combination of a fine director, untried technology, clunky script and relaxed cast make Gemini Man a very odd film indeed. The more Lee tries to fit in, the further out he gets.	October 14, 2019
Walter Chaw	rotten	Film Freak Central	It's a proof of concept, not a feature; a high-concept, not a screenplay. It'll have a half-life, but for all the wrong reasons. There's your metaphor.	October 14, 2019
Jamie East	rotten	The Sun (UK)	This is an absolutely inexcusable turkey.	October 14, 2019
Paul Whitington	rotten	Irish Independent	If I'd picked Gemini Man up in a video store in the late 1990s I wouldn't have asked for my money back, but in a cinema, now?	October 14, 2019
Karl Delossantos	rotten	Smash Cut Reviews	Ang Lee isn't interested in the story at all, only the tech that could be used to bring it to life. Ironically, it makes it all lifeless.	October 14, 2019
Damien Straker	rotten	Impulse Gamer	Gemini Man should have been stronger. It is undermined by a weak script and inconsistent visuals.	October 14, 2019
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	It's no masterpiece but Gemini Man warrants a look.	October 13, 2019
Zaki Hasan	rotten	Zaki's Corner	It checks all the requisite boxes, but also comes off like a wayward artifact from a bygone era.	October 13, 2019
EJ Moreno	rotten	Flickering Myth	If this came out in the summer of 1997, it would be a hit. But even the very modern visuals can't save this dated action film.	October 13, 2019
Tim Brennan	rotten	About Boulder	If the shrug emoji were transformed into a movie, that movie would be Gemini Man. This a weird concept, considering the pedigree of the people involved in the film.	October 13, 2019
Eric D. Snider	rotten	Crooked Marquee	It's fitting that a movie about clones should seem so much like a copy of other movies.	October 12, 2019
Nestor Bentancor	rotten	Nestor Cine Desde Hollywood	Today's technology can't fix a '90s B movie script. [Full review in Spanish]	October 12, 2019
Bill Watters	rotten	Aggressive Comix	Some impressive de-aging effects can't help save a pedestrian and uninspired "agent wants to hang up his gun peacefully" story.	October 12, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	rotten	MovieFreak.com	Gemini Man [is] a perplexing conundrum, and for a thriller about an assassin who never misses a shot this is one motion picture that has a whole lot of trouble consistently hitting the target.	October 12, 2019
Frank Ochieng	rotten	Flick Feast	Unfortunately, the advanced computer-generated tactics involved cannot save this wooden wonderment of a science fiction/fantasy caper from its sluggish presentation.	October 12, 2019
Matthew Lickona	rotten	San Diego Reader	The same High Frame Rate that make the actors look like they're on Days of Our Lives makes the colors absolutely pop. And those textures on the skulls in the underground ossuary fight scene! It's cooler than the action, anyway.	October 12, 2019
Vincent Schilling	rotten	Indian Country Today	Big props to Will Smith for doing the best he could with what he had to work with. I still love him as an actor. But Gemini Man was a bust.	October 12, 2019
Mike McGranaghan	rotten	Aisle Seat	As a technical demonstration, Gemini Man is pretty cool. As a movie, not so much.	October 12, 2019
Mark Kermode	rotten	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	All you could concentrate on is the bizarre format...there are Blade Runner-like ideas about souls and bodies and whatnot, but watching it was a totally distracting experience.	October 12, 2019
Stephen Romei	rotten	The Australian	Lee has made good movies, notably Brokeback Mountain in 2005, for which Heath Ledger should have won an Oscar. Unfortunately Gemini Man is not one of them.	October 12, 2019
Martin Thomas	rotten	Double Toasted	Sometimes I like a good dumb action movie. That's not what this is...they dropped the ball on this.	October 12, 2019
Korey Coleman	rotten	Double Toasted	I didn't like the movie, though I did get some enjoyment from it because I was laughing so much...it's almost worth watching for the technology, but it feels like they didn't care about anything else, and it felt like a waste of Hollywood resources.	October 11, 2019
Rashid Irani	rotten	Hindustan Times	With more emphasis placed on digital de-ageing, Gemini Man lacks a compelling storyline that audiences find engaging.	October 11, 2019
Randall King	rotten	Winnipeg Free Press	Notwithstanding the sci-fi twist, the plot is just too rote.	October 11, 2019
Mark Hughes	rotten	Forbes	Gemini Man is a bad story that makes no sense.... [but] it also contains a charming cast with terrific chemistry... [and] top-notch action sequences pushing the envelop with new technologies you need to see to appreciate.	October 11, 2019
Stephen Garrett	rotten	Book & Film Globe	Somewhere under all the action-packed bells and whistles is an underdeveloped drama of identity crisis and dehumanization	October 11, 2019
Steven Prokopy	rotten	Third Coast Review	Gemini Man is a grand misstep for both Smith and Lee	October 11, 2019
Jamal-Dean Grootboom	rotten	Independent Online (South Africa)	This movie has a great premise but horrible execution.	October 11, 2019
George Thomas	rotten	Akron Beacon Journal	An interesting premise gets wasted in this effort as Gemini Man generally falls flat.	October 11, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	rotten	L.A. Biz	Ang Lee's latest experiment employs high-tech techniques that make it look cheap and renders a double dose of Will Smith ... trite and humorless.	October 11, 2019
Fico Cangiano	rotten	CineXpress	The visual effects are impressive at certain moments, yet jarring at others. But it's the sloppy and predictable story that hurts the film the most. [Full review in Spanish]	October 11, 2019
Frank Wilkins	rotten	Reel Reviews	A well-acted, poorly written action movie that never takes its unique premise anywhere interesting	October 11, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	The good news is that Smith & Smith have some effective onscreen chemistry, helped mightily by Winstead in a role that had me recalling that she also played John McClane's daughter in a couple of Die Hard movies.	October 11, 2019
Jim Judy	rotten	Screen It!	Proves that two isn't necessarily better than one. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)	October 11, 2019
Anna Swanson	fresh	Globe and Mail	Gemini Man is a uniquely visually thrilling film backed by Lee's undeniable commitment and ambition.	October 11, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	rotten	Alternative Lens	Gemini Man is the exact kind of overcooked mess you'd expect from a project that's been in the kitchen for over twenty years.	October 11, 2019
Akhil Arora	rotten	Gadgets360	The film jumps one from thing to another without any meaningful connective tissue to hold all of it together.	October 11, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	rotten	Common Sense Media	This sluggish, dull, special effects-driven actioner fails twice: In engaging with an intellectual discussion of clones and in its attempt to find strong emotional ground on the same subject.	October 11, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	rotten	Shakefire	Gemini Man is visually impressive at times, but the film shows that there is still plenty of room for improvement and in the end its visuals aren't enough to overcome the lackluster story.	October 11, 2019
Nate Adams	rotten	The Only Critic	Emotionless 'Gemini Man' represents a new low for Ang Lee and Will Smith	October 11, 2019
Ryan Syrek	rotten	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	It cannot be stressed enough how much of this alleged action movie involves plane rides between locations and the phrase "I just need to talk to him."	October 11, 2019
Justin Chang	rotten	Los Angeles Times	No matter how many (presumably non-computer-generated) tears Smith sheds, he and Lee never transform this baby hit man into a plausible science-fiction conceit, let alone invest him with a soul.	October 11, 2019
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	Chase scenes and shootouts are terrific, plot and dialogue not so much. I recommend seeing this in IMAX HFR 2D.	October 11, 2019
Cory Woodroof	rotten	Nashville Scene	The script has been chopped and screwed and rewritten for more than two decades, and this feels like something Jean-Claude Van Damme would've done in between projects just to help pay for that extra vacation house.	October 11, 2019
Piers Marchant	rotten	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	As a Hollywood analogy, Ang Lee's film would seem to have some interesting juice with which to work, but the script largely ignores its own metaphoric possibility, in search of more foolish thrills.	October 11, 2019
Leonard Maltin	fresh	leonardmaltin.com	Director Ang Lee is trailblazing new territory with a highly enjoyable, action-packed story and a perfect star in Will Smith. The entertainment value is high and cutting-edge technology organically suits the content.	October 11, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	rotten	Chilango.com	Ang Lee... can do very good things (Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Brokeback Mountain) or films that we prefer to forget (Hulk). Sadly, Gemini Man falls into this second category. [Full review in Spanish]	October 11, 2019
Erick Estrada	fresh	Cinegarage	A well-constructed and thought-out movie. The camera is perfectly situated. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 11, 2019
Rob Vaux	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	The more you strip down the experience, the more enjoyable it all becomes.	October 11, 2019
Josh Terry	rotten	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Despite its best efforts, [Ang] Lee's film feels a little dumbed down to match its blazing guns and flying bodies. It isn't great science fiction, but if you're looking for an action fix, it might do.	October 11, 2019
Greg Maki	rotten	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	Having the means to do something doesn't always mean it should be done.	October 11, 2019
Robert Horton	rotten	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	The Ang Lee of Eat Drink Man Woman and Brokeback Mountain seemed like the last filmmaker who would get obsessed with tech. I would love to see him return to the human factor.	October 11, 2019
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	Twice as much Will Smith adds up to far less than half the fun	October 11, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	[T]he action scenes are the selling point of this film and fans of this genre will love every minute of it.	October 11, 2019
Adam Graham	rotten	Detroit News	Like the character at its center, it's at war with itself.	October 11, 2019
Tom Santilli	rotten	Movie Show Plus	Gemini Man is too focused on tricks to deliver any real treats.	October 11, 2019
Alison Willmore	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	Sometimes it's just difficult to know where to look - in one dramatic shoot-out in a store, I couldn't stop staring at the perfectly visible selection of chips lining the shelves they dove past.	October 11, 2019
Sandy Schaefer	fresh	ScreenRant	Thanks to some strong work by Smith and its better set pieces, Gemini Man partly succeeds at overcoming its bland plot and occasionally iffy visuals.	October 11, 2019
Todd Jorgenson	rotten	Cinemalogue	It never commits to being either a straight-up action flick, in which case it needs more high-octane chases and shootouts, or a more cerebral cautionary tale about high-tech terrorism, in which case it needs to be less contrived and ridiculous.	October 11, 2019
Gary Wolcott	fresh	KXL-FM (Portland, OR)	A movie about the clone of an assassin goes after the assassin is, itself, a a bad clone of other, better action thrillers.	October 11, 2019
Rex Reed	rotten	Observer	The plot makes no sense, the dreary script is dead on arrival, and Smith is just as blank and lost at 23 as he is at 51.	October 11, 2019
Dustin Chase	rotten	Galveston Daily News	Ang Lee's clone war flick Gemini Man plays more like a clone itself.	October 11, 2019
Conor O'Donnell	fresh	The Film Stage	The most forward-thinking action film since Avatar.	October 11, 2019
Lisa Johnson Mandell	fresh	AtHomeInHollywood.com	iGemini Man is worth a look for the special effects alone.	October 11, 2019
Anthony Lane	rotten	New Yorker	Fans of double characters should stick with Austin Powers, who, in "The Spy Who Shagged Me" (1999), enjoys the rare privilege of meeting the person he was ten minutes ago. "You," he says, "are adorable."	October 11, 2019
Christian Toto	rotten	HollywoodInToto.com	The film's nagging duality has nothing to do with the star playing a younger version of himself via CGI magic.	October 11, 2019
Nicols Delgadillo	fresh	Cultured Vultures	Gemini Man is an ambitious technological marvel that's worth experiencing, but its lackluster script often threatens to bring it all down.	October 11, 2019
Debbie Lynn Elias	fresh	Behind The Lens	There are three major components of Gemini Man. The story itself. The lensing in HFR-3D. The de-aging of Will Smith. And there's Mary Elizabeth Winstead kicking ass and taking names!	October 11, 2019
Jeffrey Lyles	rotten	Lyles' Movie Files	Gemini Man should be a better film. Instead, it's littered with wasted promise much like an older person reflecting on their misspent youth.	October 11, 2019
Phil Villarreal	rotten	ABC Tucson	Will Smith could be turning in underwhelming performances in perpetuity.	October 11, 2019
Pablo Villaa	rotten	Cinema em Cena	The hyperrealism resulting from the high frame rate paradoxically highlights the production's artificialism. [Full review in Portuguese]	October 11, 2019
Mark McPherson	rotten	Film Inquiry	Gemini Man smears a lot of fancy tech all over an empty and tiresome thriller. Take away all the glamour of a CGI Will Smith and a super-charged frame rate and there's not a lot to talk about in a film that ambles through a story we've heard before.	October 11, 2019
Rob Dean	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	Gemini Man is ambitious but flawed. However, it's not the type of misfire that comes from overreaching or dreaming too big - it's the simple elements that really trip it up.	October 11, 2019
Rohan Naahar	rotten	Hindustan Times	To be considered effectively entertaining, Gemini Man needed to be at least 30% better, or at least 20% worse.	October 11, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	rotten	Wall Street Journal	The frame rate doesn't speed up the pace -- the film bogs down woefully between action sequences -- and the shake rate wasn't sufficient to keep my body from going slack while my mind meandered through the story's incoherence.	October 11, 2019
Tim Appelo	rotten	AARP Movies for Grownups	The story is grossly predictable, the storytelling dull, and the dialogue dumb, even by action flick standards.	October 11, 2019
Robert Kojder	rotten	Flickering Myth	There are only two semi-intriguing scenes in Gemini Man, and neither of them involves an aged hitman squaring off against a cloned younger version of himself	October 11, 2019
Mark Daniell	rotten	Toronto Sun	[Will] Smith's kinetic charm goes a long way to making us forgive some of those shortcomings, particularly if you grew up on the '90s action films that helped make him a global star. But a movie with this type of artistic pedigree deserves more.	October 10, 2019
Blake Goble	rotten	Consequence of Sound	Gemini Man is like Face/Off without the gonzo energy.	October 10, 2019
Richard Roeper	rotten	Chicago Sun-Times	The idiotic spy thriller, pitting a dark-ops assassin against his younger clone, uses slick new technology but tired old plot twists.	October 10, 2019
Neil Soans	rotten	The Times of India	Despite its technological achievements combined with the best efforts of an otherwise charismatic Will Smith, along with a capable cast, and a visionary director, Gemini Man isn't able to take off due to a dull script.	October 10, 2019
Noah Gittell	rotten	Washington City Paper	It's meant to lure people to the theater and leave them shaking their heads in amazement at how far technology has advanced. Instead, it might make a Luddite out of you.	October 10, 2019
Norman Wilner	rotten	NOW Toronto	It hurt me to watch Gemini Man, and I mean that literally: I'm typing this through a splitting headache.	October 10, 2019
Alistair Harkness	rotten	Scotsman	Indeed, it's so lacking in cinematic magic it becomes impossible to enjoy it even on the level of the high-concept action blockbuster it's intended to be.	October 10, 2019
Brent Hankins	rotten	The Lamplight Review	Ultimately, the film makes for an impressive coming-out party for an exciting piece of tech, one that could have fascinating applications in the coming years, but offers precious little else.	October 10, 2019
Lindsey Bahr	rotten	Associated Press	"Gemini Man" is a lot of show, but there's no life behind the eyes.	October 10, 2019
Weldon B. Johnson	fresh	Arizona Republic	If you're a fan of action movies, or you've ever pondered the questions of nature vs. nuture or even what you'll tell your younger self if you had a chance, you'll enjoy "Gemini Man."	October 10, 2019
MaryAnn Johanson	rotten	Flick Filosopher	No movie has ever been higher-concept than this: Today-aged Will Smith versus CGI-young Will Smith! It's the future of film in an anemic, tedious, ironically dated spy-action shell. Bafflingly awful.	October 10, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	Pretty well assembled, mindless fun.	October 10, 2019
Alistair Ryder	fresh	The Digital Fix	If you like the silliness of 90s action movies, then you will almost definitely be a gemini fan.	October 10, 2019
Josh Bell	rotten	Film Racket	The story aims to compete with the Jason Bourne or Mission: Impossible franchises, but comes closer to those '90s action movies featuring Jean-Claude Van Damme acting opposite himself.	October 10, 2019
Mark Dujsik	rotten	Mark Reviews Movies	[W]ithin the framework of a pretty routine action story, [the ideas] don't have time to breathe, let alone be developed or explored.	October 10, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	A numbskull affair, poorly plotted and weighed down by dumb dialogue and flat characters, and the twenty-first century effects are frankly not good enough to justify it.	October 10, 2019
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	A trio of good writers in Billy Ray, David Benioff, and Darren Lemke cobbled together a serviceable script that serves merely as foundation for the technology	October 10, 2019
Bob Bloom	rotten	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	'Gemini Man's' plot is ludicrous, its acting is pedestrian, and the pacing is sluggish.	October 10, 2019
James Clay	rotten	Fresh Fiction	It's just a bit ironic that for films that are attempting to break ground on a visual level, feel so narratively antiquated.	October 10, 2019
Chris Hewitt	fresh	Minneapolis Star Tribune	Lee's inventive choices make "Gemini Man" seem cleverer, which makes it more fun.	October 10, 2019
Tony Medley	fresh	Tolucan Times	The most effective 3D yet seen, with an eye-popping motorcycle chase. Although it tends to drag at the end, this film is an entertaining treat.	October 10, 2019
Cynthia Vinney	rotten	CBR	The twists and turns that the movie finds so compelling were mostly spoiled by the movie's trailers months ago. And its final big reveal (no spoilers here) is laughable. Not to mention, the story as a whole barely holds up to even slight scrutiny.	October 10, 2019
Rosie Knight	fresh	IGN Movies	Uneven but ambitious, Ang Lee's return to the action genre isn't as good as it should be but Will Smith, Benedict Wong, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead make this weird flick an entertaining watch even with an uninspired script.	October 10, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	rotten	Herald Sun (Australia)	It is all so deathly dull, and to be frank, it did not have to be. Not with a star of Smith's proven charm (bizarrely never called on here) or a director like Ang Lee (Brokeback Mountain) involved.	October 10, 2019
Chris Bumbray	rotten	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	Take away the visual razzle dazzle and you're not left with much of a movie.	October 10, 2019
Chuck Yarborough	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	It's the lesson of the "Gemini Man" that makes it more than a fun piece of fluff entertainment. And that lesson is pretty simple: War should not be painless.	October 10, 2019
Brian Truitt	rotten	USA Today	The movie shoots for the moon with an intriguing dual-role conceit but wildly misses the mark.	October 10, 2019
Matt Donato	rotten	Atom Insider	Gemini Man is both a futuristic taste of what 120 frames per second can do for action cinema and a confirmation of the format's current limitations.	October 10, 2019
Matthew Monagle	rotten	Austin Chronicle	Gemini Man features strong chemistry between its leads and an undercurrent of regret that makes it surprisingly empathetic for an action movie.	October 10, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	rotten	Daily Film Fix	Poorly written and conceived, Ang Lee is a filmmaker with all the toys but nowhere to show off all his great technical expertise.	October 10, 2019
Odie Henderson	rotten	RogerEbert.com	[Lee's] recent desire to be at the forefront of frame-based technology, however, is resulting in hollow, empty experiences that are literally hard to watch.	October 10, 2019
Liam Lacey	rotten	Original Cin	Despite being helmed by a major filmmaker, Gemini Man feels dated, sluggish, and visually stilted, like a video game without the fun of pushing the buttons.	October 10, 2019
Matt Goldberg	rotten	Collider	Ang Lee's latest will make you long for the days when the director made real movies instead of just toying around with CGI.	October 10, 2019
Hannah Lodge	rotten	The Beat	Gemini Man is a story that's too old paired with technology that's still too young	October 10, 2019
Nick Rogers	rotten	Midwest Film Journal	Ang Lee continues his free-fall of futzing around with fancy technology to a fruitless result. Some upside: The last time he made a movie this bad, Brokeback Mountain followed. Maybe instead of frame-rate folly, he can clone that.	October 10, 2019
Peter Howell	rotten	Toronto Star	It doesn't have much of a story to tell, and it has a needlessly complicated high-tech way of telling it.	October 10, 2019
Reed Tucker	rotten	New York Post	The idea of facing off against your younger self is an intriguing one, but the movie never does anything particularly interesting with it.	October 10, 2019
James Berardinelli	rotten	ReelViews	The film promises more than the by-the-numbers climax it delivers.	October 10, 2019
Rafer Guzman	rotten	Newsday	It's a technologic marvel that uses digital magic to achieve a level of vividness and realism unparalleled in film history. And it's a routine Hollywood blockbuster with more spectacle than originality.	October 10, 2019
Gary Thompson	rotten	Philadelphia Daily News	If I want to know what Will Smith looked like in his 20s, I can always return, happily, to Men in Black.	October 10, 2019
Michael Phillips	fresh	Chicago Tribune	"Gemini Man" isn't bad, but two Will Smiths - when one of them's computer-animated - somehow feels like 66-75 percent of a real movie.	October 10, 2019
Moira MacDonald	rotten	Seattle Times	The dialogue is sometimes action-movie awkward, and the characters... never seem more interesting than the format they're wandering in.	October 10, 2019
Peter Travers	rotten	Rolling Stone	In this high-tech downgrade for the great Ang Lee, all the digital fx it takes for Will Smith to mix it up with a "Fresh Prince" version of himself does not compensate for a dull plot, achingly familiar characters and dialogue that's no fun at all.	October 10, 2019
Don Shanahan	rotten	Every Movie Has a Lesson	The literal cinematic equivalent of "chasing your own tail"	October 10, 2019
Neil Pond	rotten	Parade Magazine	Something to see if you want to see Will Smith beating himself up in a movie, in perhaps more ways than one.	October 10, 2019
Clarisse Loughrey	rotten	Independent (UK)	[Ang] Lee may not be short on tricks up his sleeve, but Gemini Man  is far from an ideal home for them.	October 10, 2019
Jorge Rivera Rubio	fresh	QiiBO	I liked Gemini Man but I won't defended it against anyone who didn't [Full Review in Spanish]	October 10, 2019
Sean P. Means	rotten	The Movie Cricket	Lee seems, like fellow director Robert Zemeckis, to embrace the high-tech aspects of filmmaking while neglecting the narrative problems.	October 10, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	If the plot of this movie sounds vaguely like the kind of high-end pulp Arnie would have made decades ago before he went into politics, you're right. Smith is no Schwarzenegger, yet he brings his swagger to this concerted re-entry into the action genre.	October 10, 2019
Matt Singer	fresh	ScreenCrush	Who wouldn't want to punch their younger self in the face?	October 10, 2019
David Sims	fresh	The Atlantic	Lee is innovating and looking backwards at the same time, and the viewing experience is as bewildering as that sounds.	October 10, 2019
Luke Goodsell	rotten	ABC News (Australia)	Gemini Man can only hint at such possibilities - it's too shackled to the demands of delivering a big-budget sci-fi action thriller, on which terms it fails...	October 9, 2019
Thomas Floyd	rotten	Washington Post	Unfortunately for Smith, Lee and the writing team, all of the computer-generated Botox in the world can't smooth over the wrinkles of dated storytelling.	October 9, 2019
Ty Burr	rotten	Boston Globe	The problem with high-frame-rate productions is that they don't look like what we're used to calling "movies." The problem with this one is that there wasn't much movie there to begin with.	October 9, 2019
Ignatiy Vishnevetsky	fresh	AV Club	Like its characters, Gemini Man is groan-inducingly sincere, but runs like a machine when it counts.	October 9, 2019
A.O. Scott	rotten	New York Times	The performances feel slow and deliberate, and the hyper-clarity of the images undermines realism rather than enhancing it.	October 9, 2019
Sam Adams	rotten	Slate	The closer we get to the actors mouthing their clunky, mock-allegorical dialogue, the phonier they seem.	October 9, 2019
Cameron Meier	rotten	Orlando Weekly	Gemini Man never quite lives up to its intriguing premise.	October 9, 2019
John Nguyen	fresh	Nerd Reactor	There are parts where it's unbelievable. Wow, they really captured young Will Smith. But then there are other parts where you're thinking, "This is really weird and off-putting."	October 9, 2019
Scott Nye	fresh	Battleship Pretension	Lee's overriding attention to the ecstatic joy of the smallest, most ordinary things transforms into something almost spiritual.	October 9, 2019
Rodrigo Perez	rotten	The Playlist	A movie drunk on the possibilities of its technology-high frame rates presented in 3D-then it is with basic fundamentals like character, story and something of worth to say.	October 9, 2019
Brian Orndorf	rotten	Blu-ray.com	Even with adjusted expectations, it's difficult to feel charged up over a needlessly talky, stagnant sci-fi thriller.	October 9, 2019
Alissa Wilkinson	rotten	Vox	Gemini Man is a demo reel for some fancy new movie technology, an EPCOT attraction dressed up as an action flick.	October 9, 2019
Mick LaSalle	rotten	San Francisco Chronicle	You know what? I wouldn't want to get into a fistfight with my younger self, either. I think he'd win. But I don't need to go to a movie for such a startling insight.	October 9, 2019
Robert Daniels	rotten	812filmreviews	While there's a melancholy in seeing supremely talented individuals whiff so badly on a creative project, it's never been so funny as in Gemini Man.	October 9, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	rotten	The Film Yap	Garden-variety gunplay with a Benjamin Button twist. With Clive Owen in full jowls-and-scowls mode.	October 9, 2019
Kyle Smith	rotten	National Review	A dusty artifact of a script livened up with bleeding-edge technology. It's a fair debate whether the moldy script or the brand-new tech is its most regrettable aspect.	October 9, 2019
Pat Brown	rotten	Slant Magazine	Whatever new technology facilitated its genesis, the film is just another assembly-line reproduction.	October 9, 2019
Brian Lowry	rotten	CNN.com	A movie that emphasizes its experiential and 3D qualities but lacks depth on every other front.	October 9, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	This high-budget, A-list actor attempt at what is usually a pulpy sub-genre of science-fiction feels limp for the reason that it is an A-list, high-budget movie, slumming.	October 9, 2019
Jake Wilson	fresh	The Age (Australia)	This is a film to ponder; once again leaving the impression that Lee is an adult among children -- or to put it another way: one of the few interesting artists still at work in mainstream Hollywood.	October 9, 2019
Evan Saathoff	rotten	Birth.Movies.Death.	In 2019, the idea of an entire movie built around the premise of Will Smith vs a younger Will Smith is not as interesting as this film thinks.	October 9, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	rotten	ChrisStuckmann.com	The badness of this movie is very well hidden in the incredible cast and directing talent.	October 9, 2019
Germain Lussier	rotten	io9.com	Instead of double the Wills making the movie double the fun, it's almost like they cancel each other out, resulting in a complete zero.	October 9, 2019
Yago Garca	rotten	Cinemana (Spain)	It's curious... that Ang Lee's experiment in Gemini is so un-stimulating due to the director's effort to deliver a visually luxurious product. [Full review in Spanish]	October 9, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Gemini Man has jaw-dropping moments despite an obvious and predictable narrative. The cutting edge special effects, superb action scenes, and engaging lead performances make up for the inane plot.	October 9, 2019
Cary Darling	rotten	Houston Chronicle	All the cinematic spackle in the world can't disguise the wide cracks in this dull, tired script, no matter how many digital Will Smiths you use.	October 9, 2019
Matt Oakes	rotten	Silver Screen Riot	Double the Will Smith, half the fun.	October 9, 2019
Chris Evangelista	rotten	Slashfilm	The end result is more video game than movie.	October 9, 2019
Joanne Soh	rotten	The New Paper (Singapore)	Smith has some bright moments, but the paper-thin plot and Lee's obsession with tech ensure you will not get your money's worth of seeing two Smiths for the price of one.	October 9, 2019
Jeremy Jahns	rotten	JeremyJahns.com	It's a pretty boring plot... There's nothing new here.	October 9, 2019
Tim Stevens	rotten	The Spool	Gemini Man offers the attention-getter, but not the attention-maintainer. In the end, it turns out all the technology in the world cannot overcome a weak script and thin characters.	October 9, 2019
Ed Power	rotten	Daily Telegraph (UK)	It's a slab of silliness that commits a terrible error: it takes itself seriously.	October 9, 2019
Hannah Woodhead	fresh	Little White Lies	Gemini Man is a classic tale of good versus evil that fully embraces its silly science and exuberant lead.	October 9, 2019
Roger Moore	rotten	Movie Nation	A digitally augmented debacle.	October 9, 2019
Pete Hammond	rotten	Deadline Hollywood Daily	You get two Will Smiths for the price of one in Ang Lee's gimmicky action thriller, but the high frame rates and pedantic script undercut a good performance.	October 9, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Black Terminator meets Mission Impossible Will Smith coupled with human cloning in 3D at 120 fps, electric action sequences makes Gemini Man fascinating	October 9, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	An odd but mind-blowing combination of a 90s script and futuristic filmmaking. If you see it as intended - in 3D HFR - it is an amazing experience.	October 8, 2019
Anna Smith	rotten	Metro (UK)	Technically dazzling but surprisingly dull, Gemini Man is all spectacle and no thrills.	October 8, 2019
Katie Walsh	rotten	Tribune News Service	The technology on display better be mind-blowing to make suffering through the bad dialogue and flaccid story worth it, so the most egregious thing about "Gemini Man" is just how bad it looks.	October 8, 2019
Dan Murrell	rotten	Screen Junkies	At 24 frames per second, Gemini Man might be a passable action movie. At 120 frames per second, it's a distracting and empty technical exercise.	October 8, 2019
David Crow	rotten	Den of Geek	The ugliness of the visuals, however, should not shield the awful screenplay.	October 8, 2019
Jason Guerrasio	rotten	Business Insider	All of Will Smith's abilities to be the superstar are tested by a horrific script (some of the dialogue is so bad you can't help but laugh out loud) and puzzling direction by Ang Lee (for some reason he fell in love with the tight shot on this movie).	October 8, 2019
Charles Bramesco	rotten	The Verge	For a film fine-tuned in pursuit of audiovisual perfection, this thing is full of narrative glitches, story elements that half work and half don't.	October 8, 2019
Richard Lawson	rotten	Vanity Fair	Its old action-movie trappings, the quaintness of it, cannot be reconciled with its ultra contemporary execution.	October 8, 2019
Andrew J. Salazar	rotten	Geeks of Color	Given how far he has come as a filmmaker, it would first appear that [Ang] Lee handling the original absurdity of Gemini Man could only make for a modern sci-fi epic. Unfortunately, the result is that of a maestro drowned by his own devices.	October 8, 2019
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	It's not a very good movie, but it's absolutely worth seeing for the visuals and for the lead performances.	October 8, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	This is a dim but technically superior action romp, with several flat-out spectacular chases and fights, shot and performed with expertise and originality.	October 8, 2019
Catalina Combs	fresh	Black Girl Nerds	It's unfortunate that a movie that took at least ten years to fully develop hits the screen with nothing more than a fresh concept and good actors...it can't just be all about the technology. There has to be substance.	October 8, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	rotten	We Live Entertainment	The story is nothing new ... However, even if a lot of what works in this film's favor is best experienced on the big screen, a director taking advantage of what capabilities are out there to work with in a movie like this is enough to declare worthwhile.	October 8, 2019
Ben Travis	rotten	Empire Magazine	It gives you two Will Smiths for the price of one, but you still might feel ripped off by its clunky dialogue, thin characters and underwhelming action. Encourage your younger clone to avoid it.	October 8, 2019
Tim Grierson	rotten	Paste Magazine	There's delight to be had in watching two generations of Will Smiths fight each other, but Gemini Man can't shake a hand-me-down familiarity.	October 7, 2019
Vicky Roach	rotten	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Gemini Man's potentially interesting premise - of a man who is literally forced to confront his younger self - has been through so many iterations over the course of the past 20 years, it's had the life sucked out of it.	October 7, 2019
Richard Trenholm	rotten	CNET	Gemini Man's technological innovation drowns in endless spy cliches, half-heartedly generic twists, forgettable dialogue and non-existent characterization.	October 7, 2019
Ben Sin	rotten	South China Morning Post	It may be easier to forgive the below par special effects if everything else about Gemini Man - story, acting, action sequences - is top notch, but that's also not the case.	October 7, 2019
Jo Berry	rotten	The List	Perhaps there is a lesson to be learned here, if nothing else: if a script has been gathering dust on a shelf for over 20 years, it's probably best to leave it there.	October 7, 2019
Gabriella Geisinger	rotten	Digital Spy	Gemini Man further proves what Jurassic Park's Dr Ian Malcolm taught us: just because you can, doesn't mean you should.	October 7, 2019
Peter Gray	fresh	Brisbanista	Whilst Gemini Man will sell itself on the 3D technology and the higher frame rate, it's the Smith v Smith hook that is ultimately the draw, and for the most part it's an effective enticement.	October 7, 2019
Ben Rolph	fresh	Discussing Film	The fundamental reason why Gemini Man works is its got a heart and sincerely carries this all the way through the chaos.	October 6, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	It's moderately entertaining, but neither director Lee's visual pizzazz nor the commitment of the actors can keep the story from being predictable and feeling familiar.	October 5, 2019
Rob Leane	fresh	Den of Geek	After 20 years in development hell, Gemini Man is ready to strut into cinemas boasting one great action scene, some cheesy Clive Owen fun and a strong emotional performance from a digital version of 23-year-old Will Smith.	October 4, 2019
Kambole Campbell	fresh	SciFiNow	As an experimental cinematic experience, Gemini Man is wholly unique and shouldn't be missed, more than worth seeing for its dynamic, immaculately staged action.	October 4, 2019
Jamie Graham	rotten	Total Film	Come for the technical innovations, stay for... hmm. Two Will Smiths for the price of one just ain't worth it.	October 4, 2019
Peter Bradshaw	rotten	Guardian	The digital novelty is striking for the first 10 minutes, silly for the next 10 minutes, and by the end of the movie you're pining for the analogue values of script and direction.	October 4, 2019
Dan Jolin	rotten	Time Out	As impressive as the two Will Smiths trick is, you'll be just as aware of the movie's hoary script and a fist-gnawingly awful turn by Clive Owen as the villain.	October 4, 2019
Rob Hunter	fresh	Film School Rejects	You'll discuss the pros and cons of the tech later - there's ample arguments for both -- but odds are you'll be having too much fun to worry about it during the movie itself.	October 4, 2019
Fred Topel	fresh	Showbiz Cheat Sheet	In an age when too many action movies feel like shaking the camera is a good idea, not only is Gemini Man's action clear but clarity is the premise.	October 3, 2019
Simon Miraudo	rotten	Student Edge	Gemini Man-like Lee's last effort, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk-squeezes in 120 frames per second. Hey baby, that just means more movie to not love.	October 3, 2019
Grant Watson	rotten	Fiction Machine	Lee, a director whom I would previously hailed as one of cinema's most reliable, has finally directed a bad film.	October 2, 2019
Emma Stefansky	fresh	Thrillist	Like Avatar, this is the kind of thing 3D was made for: a rip-roaring, visually sumptuous good time that brings all of the genre's flaws and cheats and tricks into the light and corrects them one by one.	October 2, 2019
Matt Patches	fresh	Polygon	In the era of the on-demand Netflix churn and "cinematic universe" tentpole, Gemini Man is a true event film.	October 2, 2019
Alberto Corona	fresh	Sensacine	Gemini Man entertains and the film invites optimism. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 2, 2019
Doug Jamieson	rotten	The Jam Report	While there are numerous technical splendours to be found within 'Gemini Man,' they ultimately mask a film beset with a painfully silly plot, disastrous dialogue, and a host of uninteresting and faintly crafted characters.	October 1, 2019
Anthony O'Connor	rotten	FILMINK (Australia)	...a visually stunning, sporadically awkward, slight bit of popcorn entertainment that will engage those forgiving of style over substance.	October 1, 2019
Louise Keller	rotten	Urban Cinefile	Assassins, clones and spectacular locations are the key ingredients of Gemini Man, a 3D action packed sci-fi thriller from Ang Lee that delivers on action but is short on thrills.	October 1, 2019
Wilson Morales	fresh	BlackFilm.com	Will Smith is back to his old...and new self. Although the script lacks originality, his performance, action and effect are solid in a film that helps due to the bold efforts of its technology	September 26, 2019
Ella Kemp	rotten	indieWire	A baffling product born from a bizarre idea.	September 26, 2019
Nicholas Barber	rotten	TheWrap	It's difficult to care that one man is a carbon copy of the other when neither of them seems especially human, anyway.	September 26, 2019
Fionnuala Halligan	rotten	Screen International	Even though Ang Lee is attempting huge things technically, this film in itself hasn't enough character to carry them.	September 26, 2019
Stephen Dalton	rotten	Hollywood Reporter	The disappointing end result feels less than the sum of the talents involved, a weak script and thin high-concept plot only just held together by smart visual wizardry.	September 26, 2019
Peter Debruge	rotten	Variety	"Gemini Man" is a case in which an awful lot of effort has gone into making an awfully lazy action movie.	September 26, 2019
Mike Reyes	fresh	CinemaBlend	A classic Will Smith-style starring vehicle, and another showcase for director Ang Lee's brand of technical marvels. Unfortunately, one side is served better than the other, leaving the entire film out of balance.	September 26, 2019
Paul McGuire Grimes	fresh	KSTP-TV	A visionary triumph filled me with that Disney magic all over again.	November 22, 2019
Chris McCoy	rotten	Memphis Flyer	The kids today, they want reality. Remember Beauty and the Beast? Remember how much better it was when that singing candlestick looked real? It was $1.2 billion better. Imagine that, but with lions.	November 22, 2019
Douglas Davidson	fresh	Elements of Madness	The best news for any Lion King fan is that even if this version isn't to your liking, you only need to remember two words to make it all ok: hakuna matata.	October 22, 2019
Jeff York	fresh	Creative Screenwriting	Yet, despite the familiarity, most of it still plays because it's a damn good story.	October 21, 2019
Amanda Greever	fresh	The Daily Times (Tennessee)	The Lion King  makes slight alterations to its source material, which results in a slightly more adult version. If you loved the original, chances are fairly good you'll love this one, too.	October 3, 2019
Charles Solomon	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	The character animation is completely lost... It's not even uncanny valley -- it's an uncanny gorge.	October 2, 2019
Brian Gill	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	It is, most of the time, visually stunning. But I'm not sure there's even one aspect of the movie that improves upon the original and a great many aspects that are significantly worse.	September 20, 2019
James Mottram	fresh	South China Morning Post	While Favreau's polished film will always come a distant second for anyone who fell in love with the original, his version is hugely respectful to the story and has its powerful moments too.	September 18, 2019
Hannah Giorgis	fresh	The Atlantic	The Lion King captures just enough of the original's warmhearted excitement -- and introduces enough new delights -- to feel like more than a cynical Disney money grab.	September 10, 2019
Nicola Austin	fresh	We Have a Hulk	Jon Favreau's reimagining of The Lion King is undoubtedly a visual triumph.	September 6, 2019
Jordan Ruimy	rotten	World of Reel	The end result is more of a showcase for VFX/photo-realism than an actually successful remake of a beloved Disney classic	September 4, 2019
Mario Alegre	rotten	Prxima Tanda	Disney's latest remake of one of its most beloved classics is a technical marvel that fails to capture the emotions and artistry of the original.	August 30, 2019
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	...a cynical (yet admittedly watchable) cash grab.	August 24, 2019
Tomas Trussow	rotten	The Lonely Film Critic	You sit there feeling like a park ranger under the influence of hallucinogens, gripped by unending discomfort as the film's contradictory existence balloons out of proportion.	August 24, 2019
Kate Rodger	fresh	Newshub (NZ)	The entire thing just filled with me to the brim with so much joy.	August 23, 2019
Jonita Davis	fresh	The Black Cape	Despite its flaws, the film is one that parents should see with their kids (maybe over the age of 3). This is Lion King for their generation, one that is more diverse, more Black, and more authentic than ours ever was.	August 22, 2019
Vincent Schilling	fresh	Indian Country Today	Disney's The Lion King is a visually majestic masterpiece. The landscape is flawless, the music fun and nostalgic, and there's no place for any cynical adult reasoning, just enjoy it people, Donald Glover and Beyonce' are in it ...	August 22, 2019
Sr. Rose Pacatte	fresh	St. Anthony Messenger	Not all remakes are successful, but this version of The Lion King shines.	August 15, 2019
Nicols Ruiz	rotten	Cdigo espagueti	In trying to make a naturalistic movie, Jon Favreau forgot that myths dwell on magic and symbolism. As a result, The Lion King is a soulless fiasco. [Full review in Spanish]	August 14, 2019
Matthew Toomey	rotten	ABC Radio Brisbane	The film is likely to be admired by a new generation of young kids but when looking at this through a critical eye, the 1994 movie did it much better.	August 11, 2019
Justin Brown	rotten	Medium Popcorn	"Hakuna Matata" ... watching that was just not alright...it lacked energy, and Seth Rogan isn't exactly known for his singing chops...	August 10, 2019
Brandon Collins	rotten	Medium Popcorn	I liked the visuals, and some of the new changes they tried to implement, but given the budget for this movie...it's almost like we're enabling bad behavior by constantly seeing these movies.	August 10, 2019
Luis Martnez	rotten	El Mundo (Spain)	It lacks the emotional depth of the original. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 9, 2019
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	It's The Lion King - it'll never not be good. The story is quality and it's visually stunning but the heart that fuelled the 1994 version is sorely missing here.	August 8, 2019
Julia Swift	rotten	My Champlain Valley	Beautiful but disappointing. The images feel very real at times, but they lack the character and heart of both truly real animals and traditional animation.	August 6, 2019
Brian Lloyd	rotten	entertainment.ie	If you never once saw the original, this would definitely mean a lot more to people.	August 6, 2019
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	Though by no means a bad movie, The Lion King would've been better off trying to be more of its own movie, do something different in terms of story and character, and aim as high narratively as it achieved with its extraordinary visuals.	August 6, 2019
Don Shanahan	fresh	25YL (25 Years Later)	The shininess is an undeniably impressive and redeeming feature to a lack of implemented originality.	August 5, 2019
Rolando Gallego	fresh	EscribiendoCine	Despite being a reflection and a carbon copy of the original film, The Lion King works. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 5, 2019
Daniel Krauze	rotten	El Financiero	There are no flatter moments in the movie than musical numbers. [Full review in Spanish]	August 2, 2019
Diane Pershing	fresh	Malibu Times	I was enchanted by the amazing photography (bravo, Caleb Deschanel) and voice work of terrific actors (Donald Glover, Beyonc, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Alfre Woodard, Seth Rogan) and the always-wonderful James Earl Jones.	August 1, 2019
Rob Carnevale	fresh	Indie London	Familiarity aside, The Lion King delivers spectacle on a grand scale that deserves to be enjoyed on the biggest screen possible.	August 1, 2019
Andr Hereford	fresh	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	Whatever complicated, state-of-the-art methods created this hybrid animation, the results beautifully render colors and scale, from the tallest mountain, to every swaying blade of grass. But much less innovation has gone into the plot.	August 1, 2019
Zaki Hasan	rotten	Zaki's Corner	No doubt, it's impressive to look at. A visual feast. But it also lifts its heart and emotion wholesale from the 1994 version and counts on your preexisting affinity to carry the day.	August 1, 2019
Alberto Corona	fresh	Sensacine	The film tries to hide the prints from the past despite knowing that those prints will be the ones to survive in the end. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 31, 2019
Sarah Cartland	fresh	Caution Spoilers	A visual feast if not an emotional one, it looks almost too realistic; were it not for singing animals wanting to preserve primogeniture, I could easily have forgotten there was any trickery involved.	July 31, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Without Timon and Pumbaa, I would rate this movie a lot lower. In fact, if it wasn't for them, I probably would have fallen asleep in the theater.	July 31, 2019
Sam Adams	rotten	Slate	Even if you somehow made it into the new Lion King without knowing its origins, you might start to wonder if there was another version of it that made more sense...	July 30, 2019
Sr. Rose Pacatte	fresh	National Catholic Reporter	Leave comparisons at home and enjoy 2019's "The Lion King" for what it is: a work of art.	July 30, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	It mostly works - there were a mere handful of moments where the technique stuttered or threatened my suspension of disbelief - but again, why bother?	July 30, 2019
Sameen Amer	rotten	The News International (Pakistan)	The new Lion King is very likely to make you wish you were watching the original instead. The film just feels like a soulless rehash of its predecessor and proves that no amount of technical wizardry can trump solid, affecting storytelling.	July 29, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	A dazzling visual display that doesn't thrill like the original. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 29, 2019
Rene Sanchez	rotten	Cine Sin Fronteras	Despite its impressive technical feats, The Lion King is a disappointing and hollow adaptation of Disney's animated classic. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 29, 2019
Andrew Kendall	rotten	Stabroek News	Asked to justify its existence, The Lion King only offers a photorealistic image of a dour-looking lion. And there's not much one can eke out from that. Doesn't this look like a real lion? Sure. But to what end?	July 27, 2019
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	The notion that a 25-year-old film is so sacrosanct it should not be remade will come as a surprise to those who have made a hit of Julie Taymor's creative stage adaptation.	July 27, 2019
Matt Brunson	rotten	Film Frenzy	All filmmakers would find it a compliment to have their latest picture compared to Alfred Hitchcock's excellent Psycho. Yet none would care to have their new movie compared to Gus Van Sant's execrable Psycho.	July 27, 2019
Karl Delossantos	rotten	Smash Cut Reviews	Having the technology to make photorealistic animals and environments is almost reason enough for a remake of The Lion King to exist. However, instead of using the technology to tell a story, the movie lets the technology dictate its decisions.	July 27, 2019
Kaely Monahan	fresh	Whiskey and Popcorn	'The Lion King' is by far Disney's best remake. The photo-real animals will leave you in awe.	July 26, 2019
Emmanuel Noisette	fresh	The Movie Blog	The Lion King is a visually captivating film that looks like a National Geographic show narrated by Disney. It could never beat the original, but that's okay.	July 26, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	What more are you looking for? It's the same thing, and the animals look real now, for the new generation that wants to see real lions talking. Sign me up, man.	July 26, 2019
Kiko Martinez	fresh	San Antonio Current	The Lion King is something that can be described as both breathtaking and uninspired.	July 26, 2019
Fausto Ponce	rotten	Proceso	John Favreau's The Lion King is not an emotionally powerful film, just a technological curiosity. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 26, 2019
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	This "Lion King" proves something can work and still be slightly underwhelming and unsatisfying.	July 26, 2019
Paula Fleri-Soler	fresh	Times of Malta	Director Jon Favreau gives the story much less attention to detail and nuance than he gives the visuals, and so allows little time for the viewer to engage on a visceral level.	July 25, 2019
Robin Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	"The Lion King" reprises the original's emphasis on "The Circle of Life" (and, I realize now, the filmmakers beat you over the head with that theme).	July 25, 2019
Megan Williams	rotten	Battle Royale With Cheese	Disney is in the midst of remaking a lot of their classics, but this is one that should've been left alone.	July 25, 2019
Brandy McDonnell	rotten	The Oklahoman	With this caliber of technology, talent and story, The Lion King remake should be more than a flashy copycat.	July 25, 2019
Francesca Rudkin	fresh	New Zealand Herald	The Lion King doesn't tug on the heart strings as strongly as you'd expect but the mastery and technical brilliance goes some way in making up for it.	July 25, 2019
Alan French	rotten	We Bought a Blog	Eichner saves "Hakuna Matata" from obscurity and even opens "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" with excellent vocals. It is a shame he can't do more to help the movie.	July 25, 2019
Tim Brayton	rotten	Alternate Ending	The film's peaks are extremely uninteresting, being as they are solely of note for their technological whiz-bang, and its lows are frequent and languidly stretched out.	July 25, 2019
Eli Glasner	rotten	CBC News Network	One minute you're looking at an image that looks like it ripped out of National Geographic, then...it TALKS and it seems like Hammy Hampster	July 25, 2019
Martin Thomas	rotten	Double Toasted	The technology is incredible, but it lacks depth and emotion.	July 25, 2019
Korey Coleman	fresh	Double Toasted	I'm not begrudging the money it will make, and it's a good film to take the whole family too...I did enjoy parts of it.	July 25, 2019
Sucharita Tyagi	rotten	Film Companion	The Lion King was really only supposed to be a kids' story, with funny birds and silly animals to keep down the danger for a young audience...	July 25, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	This "live version" is okay entertainment but where is the majesty of the original? "The Circle of Life" should give you chills and in this one it is just a pretty song.	July 24, 2019
Kimberley Spinney	fresh	Culturess	While I may not have loved this film the way I did the original, there were some bright spots that I wish Disney would capitalize on.	July 24, 2019
Cate Young	rotten	The Muse/Jezebel	Overall, the film's biggest problem is that the hyper-focus on realism in the animation stripped the story of what made the 1994 original so memorable.	July 24, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	The Lion King is fine, an inoffensive family-friendly cinematic experience. It's the same thing that you've seen before. And in the end, that's probably OK ... just nothing more than that.	July 24, 2019
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	Something's missing from Nat Geo Wild's "Pride Rock Adventure"... Of all of Disney's animated films remade for live-action so far, this one stands out as the least enhanced for doing so.	July 24, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	As with Aladdin, the chief virtue of this lavish remake will be to drive people to rewatch the original. With that said, this new Lion King is a terrific big-screen happening, a perfectly entertaining and engaging family film.	July 24, 2019
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	Roaring with gorgeous visuals, beautiful songs and timeless themes.	July 24, 2019
Jack Bottomley	fresh	Starburst	It may not a problem-free philosophy but it won't stop you from feeling the love tonight for this spectacle a quarter of a century on.	July 23, 2019
Matthew Lucas	rotten	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	For a film full of such breathtakingly real images, the musical numbers are often flatly staged, the realism constantly undercutting the story's vibrant emotions and narrative drive.	July 23, 2019
Alasdair Bayman	rotten	CineVue	One cannot fault the African vistas on screen... However, judging this book by its cover, passion and flair lack from the mouths of these creatures.	July 23, 2019
Fausto Fernandez	fresh	Fotogramas	Despite its technological feat, The Lion King is the definitive conversion of our culture, of our fiction, into an image of a powerful realism that really isn't there. [Full review in Spanish]	July 23, 2019
Roxana Hadadi	rotten	Chesapeake Family Magazine	The Lion King feels less like watching a cohesive film and more like listening to a separate audio track narrating what is happening onscreen. The two halves don't mesh.	July 23, 2019
Luke Buckmaster	rotten	Flicks.com.au	The destiny of everybody in this world, other than Simba, is to die and get eaten. How inspiring. Thank you Disney.	July 23, 2019
Kent Garrison	rotten	Mad About Movies Podcast	Just about every choice Favreau made as director was the wrong choice, and his insistence on '100% realism' in a film in which the animals talk, sing, and do choreography makes my head hurt.	July 23, 2019
Owen Butler	fresh	Film Inquiry	It's a surprisingly efficient remake that acts as both a touching tribute to its predecessor and a breathtaking standalone epic in its own right.	July 23, 2019
Ashlie D. Stevens	rotten	Salon.com	Despite the superstar talent of the cast and the stunning presentation, it misses some of the heart that placed the original securely in the pop culture canon.	July 22, 2019
Arturo Magaa	rotten	Cine Premiere	Despite being a great technological advancement, this hyper realistic remake doesn't quite capture the magic of the original film. [Full review in Spanish]	July 22, 2019
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	Even Favreau, however, can't stop the denouement from feeling contrived, complicated and unconvincing. But by then The Lion King has surely woven enough screen magic to ensure huge success at the summer box office.	July 22, 2019
Anupama Chopra	rotten	Film Companion	The original The Lion King had gorgeous hand-drawn animation, oodles of charm and a great, beating heart. This one is almost a frame-to-frame remake.	July 22, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	It looks glorious, advancing the art with its attention to grand scale and tiny detail. But much of the film is a shot-for-shot restaging, which leaves it feeling eerily familiar, offering little that's new to fans of the original.	July 22, 2019
Tori Brazier	rotten	One Room With A View	The 2019 version of The Lion King serves up extra appreciation for the 1994 original, which, as this one proves, cannot be surpassed.	July 22, 2019
Edward Porter	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	The thought of hand-drawn animation becoming a thing of the past may be saddening, but that won't stop children enjoying this new spectacle.	July 22, 2019
Tori Preston	fresh	Pajiba	A good movie is a good movie, and this in no way replaces or diminishes the original. Instead, it gives you everything you loved and then a little extra on top.	July 22, 2019
Rob Thomas	rotten	Capital Times (Madison, WI)	When the grown-up Simba (Donald Glover) and Nala (Beyonce) nuzzle up to "Can You Feel The Love Tonight?," the answer is a resounding "No!"	July 22, 2019
Felix Vasquez Jr.	rotten	Cinema Crazed	Offers almost nothing to fans old and new save for a shiny coating of paint.	July 22, 2019
Emily Asher-Perrin	rotten	Tor.com	In effect, watching The Lion King now feels more like watching a nature documentary.	July 22, 2019
Ian Thomas Malone	rotten	Ian Thomas Malone	The Lion King overhunts the terrain of its predecessor, a lifeless remake that inhabits the shadowlands of nostalgia.	July 22, 2019
Liam De Brn	rotten	Film Ireland Magazine	When Donald Glover is your leading man and he's boring, you know something is wrong.	July 22, 2019
Emmanuel Bez	rotten	Cinfiloz	The ultimate example of the current state of Hollywood commercial cinema, which continues to sell 3D technology as if it really improved... when it is nothing more than a blatant excuse to increase the price of tickets. [Full review in Spanish]	July 22, 2019
Michael Sragow	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	The weight of the production and the hubris of its technological aspirations accent the story flaws that were always part of The Lion King. This is one Disney fable that should have stayed a handmade tale.	July 22, 2019
William Venegas	rotten	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	Nothing more than a "copy and paste"... of the 1994 version directed by Rob Minkoff and Roger Allers.[Full review in Spanish]	July 22, 2019
Trevor Johnston	rotten	Radio Times	Yet, ultimately, it remains just too cut-and-dried to engage our hearts to the fullest degree, however much we can admire the craftsmanship involved.	July 22, 2019
Max Weiss	rotten	Baltimore Magazine	As directed by Jon Favreau, it's an achievement of technology not artistry.	July 22, 2019
Anthony Lane	rotten	New Yorker	Rarely has brand recognition soared to such fetishistic heights, and I regret to inform you that, aside from the updating of the vocal cast, the most blatant discrepancy between the old and the new is a very slight increase in the comedy of flatulence.	July 22, 2019
Tim Martain	fresh	The Mercury	This remake is likeable enough but where the cartoon animals were exquisitely drawn and expressive, their CGI counterparts are too lifelike to be truly endearing.	July 22, 2019
Matt Ward	rotten	Cinematic Considerations	Lion King swaps hand drawn cartoon animation for photo realistic computer graphics... Disney and Favreau have excised the soul of the film as a sacrifice to visual innovation.	July 22, 2019
Caillou Pettis	rotten	Battle Royale With Cheese	Although The Lion King boasts incredible visuals and has beautiful musical numbers, it is a film that ultimately feels soulless and is much weaker than the original.	July 21, 2019
Oggs Cruz	rotten	Rappler	In a market full of unnecessarily expensive things like Supreme-branded red bricks and Jesus-shaped Cheetos, Jon Favreau's The Lion King is king.	July 21, 2019
Ed Whitfield	rotten	The Ooh Tray	A visual effects milestone without a human connection is a movie in name only.	July 20, 2019
Sarah Marrs	rotten	Lainey Gossip	Watching this version of The Lion King is like going to the zoo and staring at a lion while listening to "The Circle of Life".	July 20, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Vivid and nostalgic, the astonishing photo-animation makes the classic fable look as if it's live-action, an eye-popping continuation of 'The Circle of Life.'	July 20, 2019
Rendy Jones	rotten	Rendy Reviews	Unable to hold even the wax to the candle, The Lion King is such a soulless money grab with little to offer as it poorly rehashes a well-known story already accessible to you.	July 20, 2019
Dana Barbuto	fresh	The Patriot Ledger	"The Lion King" is likely to offer elements of revelation and disappointment.	July 20, 2019
Jared Mobarak	rotten	The Film Stage	The purpose of animation is to provide us what reality can't, not to recreate what already exists in a predetermined way.	July 20, 2019
Sheraz Farooqi	fresh	ComicBook Debate	How do you match the greatest animated film? 2019's The Lion King proves it is no easy task. Despite that, strong voice performances and visuals keeps it enjoyable.	July 20, 2019
Michael Smith	fresh	Tulsa World	The feels are vital to "The Lion King," and a new generation should feel the love.	July 20, 2019
Roe McDermott	rotten	Hot Press	And through Favreau's dedication to realism - a realism that excludes animals smiling, crying, eyebrow-raising, or dancing - he eliminates what animation evoked so beautifully, and what we all connected to: the animals' humanity.	July 20, 2019
Nate Adams	fresh	The Only Critic	Jon Favreau's gorgeous and visually stunning "The Lion King" sticks to the basics narrative wise, but manages to exist without feeling like a shameless cash grab.	July 20, 2019
Edwin Arnaudin	rotten	Asheville Movies	There are only two reasons to see this Lion King - Billy Eichner's Timon and Seth Rogen's Pumbaa.	July 20, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	rotten	Alternative Lens	2019's The Lion King is basically just a feature-length tech demo that tells its story competently but without any of the magic traditional animation allows.	July 19, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	rotten	L.A. Biz	At once a stunning technical achievement and a creatively bankrupt endeavor, The Lion King plays like a mashup some editorially gifted fan posted on YouTube.	July 19, 2019
Michael Medved	fresh	The Michael Medved Show	You can't argue with the visual grandeur of this film, which is just dazzling...it's a little weird to see animals looking like a nature documentary suddenly start talking to each other and singing...	July 19, 2019
Frank Wilkins	rotten	Reel Reviews	Overpowering the strength of the story and the splendor of the visuals in The Lion King, is the nagging question of why.	July 19, 2019
Mark Kermode	rotten	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	I'm very impressed with how they did...I just love cartoons. This is a movie that said sit there, we've done all the work.	July 19, 2019
Achara Kirk	fresh	GET Jaby	I loved John Oliver as Zazu, and I just really enjoyed the Shakespearian dramatics of Chiwetel Ejiofor's voice...	July 19, 2019
Jaby Koay	fresh	GET Jaby	Overall, while I have a lot of negative things to say, this is my favorite of the new Disney adaptations.	July 19, 2019
Rob Harvilla	fresh	The Ringer	The remake's ceiling is Good Enough. Favreau hits that ceiling often enough, sure. But even in those moments, don't expect to be thrilled-only soothed. It is, indeed, a problem-free philosophy.	July 19, 2019
Miles Surrey	rotten	The Ringer	The Mouse House's spate of remakes is...deeply dispiriting.	July 19, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	Though the present film doesn't make that much of an emotional impact as the original film, it yet retains enough vestige of the 1994 classic for the audience to give it a try.	July 19, 2019
Sreeparna Sengupta	fresh	The Times of India	For those who haven't seen the original, 'The Lion King' (2019) is certainly worth a watch for its gorgeous visuals and technical genius and one's catching it in Hindi will have Shah Rukh Khan and Aryan Khan adding their spark.	July 19, 2019
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	Overall, while the plot offers nothing new (honestly, how could it), this re-envisioning of The Lion King is a wondrous treat that merits comparison with the golden age of screen animation.	July 19, 2019
Udita Jhunjhunwala	rotten	Livemint	While there are dashes of cute and colourful revelry, the question remains: did we really need a near-faithful remake with added flab?	July 19, 2019
Namrata Joshi	fresh	The Hindu	It's the soundtrack and the star voices - both in the English and the Hindi versions - that bring things alive, specially in some throwaway light moments, like a affianced-betrothed wordplay or a hornbill vs woodpecker debate.	July 19, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	rotten	Herald Sun (Australia)	The storytelling of the new movie is depressingly lifeless, hitting all the right beats in the epic saga of Simba's tragic exile and triumphant return, but never with any vital rhythm.	July 19, 2019
Michael Ward	fresh	Should I See It	The Visual Effects Oscar race should be over for 2019.	July 19, 2019
Fred Topel	rotten	Monsters and Critics	The disappointment of The Lion King bodes poorly for live-action remakes of The Aristocats and Rescuers Down Under. Maybe Andy Serkis can do The Lion King with actors actually performing motion capture for the animals and that'll be better.	July 19, 2019
Jamal-Dean Grootboom	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	Does this remake have the same magic as the original? No. But it takes nothing away from the animation classic and is a good adaptation.	July 19, 2019
Phumlani S Langa	fresh	City Press (South Africa)	The Lion King plays it safe.	July 19, 2019
Annie Banks	fresh	Glue Magazine	While The Lion King may not be able to go toe-to-toe with the Renaissance precursor, it still holds enough of that comforting Disney feel to gratify and amuse moviegoers.	July 19, 2019
Rob Vaux	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	[It] treads far too close to a predecessor that blazed the trail from which it refuses to stray. That is neither praise nor condemnation, but a simple statement of fact.	July 19, 2019
Jordi Costa	rotten	El Pais (Spain)	A showy, disoriented, and redundant movie that perhaps Walt Disney would have hated. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 19, 2019
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	Mostly, though, this is a cheerful nostalgia simulator for parents who want to let their kids experience the film they remember in a format they'll appreciate and understand.	July 19, 2019
Olive Pometsey	fresh	GQ Magazine [UK]	While you can't fault Favreau's Lion King for its technical innovation and, yes, talking lions are still a thing of fantasy, it lacks the imagination of its predecessors.	July 19, 2019
Stephen Garrett	fresh	Book & Film Globe	State-of-the-art pablum.	July 19, 2019
Eric D. Snider	rotten	Crooked Marquee	A spiritless, nearly shot-for-shot remake - with enough padding and slow pacing to make it 30 minutes longer than the original - that looks incredible and feels hollow.	July 19, 2019
Matthew Lickona	rotten	San Diego Reader	By this point, Disney's do-overs feel a lot like their cash-grabby, inspiration-free '90s direct-to-video sequels, only with vastly better production values.	July 19, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	San Francisco Examiner	[Certain] touches make the new "The Lion King" worth a look for the Disney-curious.	July 19, 2019
Theresa Smith	fresh	Weekend Special (South Africa)	It is cute and watchable, which is more than you can say for a lot of the stuff you are forced to watch for the sake of taking your children to the movies.	July 19, 2019
Ani Bundel	rotten	NBC News THINK	One wrong move, an awkward flick of the ear - or worse, when they start talking, because animals' mouths aren't designed to form human language - and the illusion is shattered.	July 19, 2019
Will Leitch	rotten	Paste Magazine	[The Lion King] feels like computers attempting to impersonate real life and doing so with such rigid, determined accuracy that the result feels both emotionless and even a little ghoulish.	July 19, 2019
Diego Batlle	fresh	La Nacin (Argentina)	The 2019 version of The Lion King ends up being a movie to admire but not so much to feel. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 19, 2019
Stephen Silver	rotten	Philly Voice	A dull, ponderous affair, which wastes the considerable talents of Donald Glover, Beyonce, and hundreds of skilled CGI engineers.	July 19, 2019
Gary Thompson	fresh	Philadelphia Daily News	The new King is competent, reasonably entertaining, faithful to the original, wholesome, sometimes even enjoyable.	July 19, 2019
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	Voice cast and visuals are first rate. Disney should just hand Favreau a pot o' gold.	July 19, 2019
Ryan Syrek	rotten	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	Simply animating things that were already animated using a different animation technique is Apple-level fanbase abuse.	July 19, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	rotten	eFilmCritic.com	Here is a film that has marshaled together a number of immensely talented people, given them a budget larger than the annual GNP of entire small nations and gotten nothing in return but a half-hearted and largely lifeless retread.	July 19, 2019
Ivn Belmont	rotten	Konexin	It's a completely hollow and unsatisfying experience. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 19, 2019
Aaron Peterson	fresh	The Hollywood Outsider	With revolutionary CGI and standout performances from Eichner and Rogen, The Lion King captures the spectacle while forgoing much of the heart that captivated millions in 1994.	July 19, 2019
Dominic Griffin	rotten	The Armchair Auteur	...it just feels so hollow and so boring and so bland. There's a really strange pace to the film that I just cannot comprehend.	July 19, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	rotten	En Filme	Eliminating the qualities of traditional animation results in disappointing musical numbers and silenced emotional reactions. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 19, 2019
Vincent Mancini	rotten	FilmDrunk	Oddly the main effect of putting shockingly photorealistic lions into a Lion King movie is that it kind of feels like an episode of Mr. Ed.	July 19, 2019
Armond White	rotten	National Review	Biblical and Shakespearean archetypes are trivialized by the new Disney. Its style of fake realism prevents one from imaginatively projecting onto the animation.	July 19, 2019
John Urbancich	rotten	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	By the time Nala/Beyonce shrieks "Lions, attack!" it sounds and feels more like a mediocre Saturday morning cartoon than a 2019 technological film marvel.	July 19, 2019
Aramide Tinubu	fresh	Stylecaster	No matter when you first discovered Simba's story, the live-action Lion King will leave you speechless.	July 19, 2019
Joe Friar	rotten	The Victoria Advocate	The live-action remake features an A-list of talent and impressive special effects but the film is missing a soul. The magic of the animated classic is gone.	July 19, 2019
Lisa Kennedy	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	For grownups - as opposed to the happy cubs who will adore them for taking them to The Lion King - this remake doesn't feel like visionary storytelling so much as a proving ground for newer technologies: virtual reality and other immersive techniques.	July 19, 2019
Victor Stiff	fresh	That Shelf	The Lion King's story tells us that we play a small and brief role in a never-ending circle of life, but our existence is still meaningful.	July 19, 2019
Alci Rengifo	rotten	Entertainment Voice	[Jon] Favreau is a skilled filmmaker, but what's missing is the real heart and soul brought to unforgettable life in the original through that masterful animation.	July 19, 2019
Robert Horton	rotten	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	When Scar's dastardly plottings turn dark and scary, the image lacks the romantic spookiness of animation. Here, things just look bleak.	July 19, 2019
Carl Kozlowski	fresh	Pasadena Weekly	It's almost impossible to find anything wrong with the film, continuing the Disney brand's tradition of technical perfection matched with a heartfelt tale.	July 19, 2019
Wendy Shreve	fresh	Featuring Film	Few will dispute the stunning beauty of this film: the visuals will thrill scene-by-scene.	July 19, 2019
Todd Jorgenson	rotten	Cinemalogue	This new attempt doesn't provide much nostalgic value or improve upon its predecessor in any substantial way. It's just unnecessary.	July 19, 2019
Phil Villarreal	fresh	ABC Tucson	Rises to the challenge with a triumphant roar, but not without overcoming as much strain and conflict as young Simba himself.	July 19, 2019
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	THE LION KING is fantastic family entertainment on a majestic scope.	July 19, 2019
David Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Favreau's THE LION KING is still --- undeniably --- solid entertainment.	July 19, 2019
Matthew Dougherty	rotten	The Filtered Lens	This Lion King is one of the most technically impressive disasters in film history...	July 19, 2019
Sean Collier	rotten	Pittsburgh Magazine	No matter how impressive the assembled voice cast is, this did not need to exist. And yet: Here it is.	July 19, 2019
Luke Parker	rotten	We Got This Covered	Nearly every aesthetic decision that went into this version of the The Lion King detracts from the artistry and the heart that helped its predecessor surpass immortality.	July 19, 2019
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	The new Lion King is like a deeply triggering and very expensive episode of Planet Earth narrated by Childish Gambino, here to traumatise a whole new generation of viewers.	July 19, 2019
Alan Ng	fresh	Film Threat	It's absolutely gorgeous from the detailed African backdrop to the authentic representation of every animal from their physical appearance to movements.	July 18, 2019
Rubn Rosario	fresh	MiamiArtZine	The imperfectly okay 2019 Lion King might not hold a candle to the tighter, more enthralling 1994 "Lion King," but as big screen diversions go, it makes admirable use of its larger-than-life canvas.	July 18, 2019
Sarah Ksiazek	rotten	The MacGuffin	If people have never heard of or seen the original animated film, they might be awe-struck by this new film, but for those who have seen the original or possibly obsessed over it for many, many years, it is a failure of creativity and an unnecessary film	July 18, 2019
Claudia Puig	rotten	NPR's Morning Edition	Where the animated original had an endearingly cheery anthropomorphism, with wide eyes and cute expressions, this lacks that. You're marveling at the beauty of the animals, but it just doesn't work with the material.	July 18, 2019
Chris Newbould	rotten	The National (UAE)	The technology may have improved, but the film remains the same. And we've all seen it.	July 18, 2019
Cath Clarke	rotten	The Big Issue	In the end The Lion King left me longing for the emotional moments of the first film.	July 18, 2019
Robert W. Butler	fresh	Butler's Cinema Scene	Is it colorful and diverting? Diverting enough, anyway. Is it moving? Not particularly.	July 18, 2019
Clint O'Connor	fresh	Akron Beacon Journal	The "wows" this time come less from the script by Jeff Nathanson, and more from the this-all-looks-so-realistic-it's-scary factor. (Kudos to visual effects supervisor Rob Legato and legions of artists).	July 18, 2019
Luke Goodsell	fresh	ABC News (Australia)	It's like experiencing past, present and some eerie computer-generated future all at once -- dazzling and alienating and even a little bit emotional, in all the ways you know it probably shouldn't be and yet a great magic act can convince you otherwise.	July 18, 2019
Tanya Sweeney	fresh	Irish Independent	Audiences will get exactly what they expect, but that could turn out to be its ultimate undoing.	July 18, 2019
Debbie Lynn Elias	fresh	Behind The Lens	Visuals aside (and they are unparalleled), the truly outstanding aspect of The Lion King is not only Hans Zimmer's score but the orchestration and arrangement of it...rich and lush... gives the film a true sense of majesty.	July 18, 2019
Michael Calleri	rotten	Niagara Gazette	The movie looks fantastic, but the anthropomorphic creatures, familiar to almost everyone, are trapped in an emotionless visual zoo.	July 18, 2019
Anne Brodie	fresh	What She Said	Danny Glover, James Earl Jones, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Alfre Woodard, Chance the Rapper and Billy Eichner lead a terrific voice cast.	July 18, 2019
Nick Hasted	rotten	The Arts Desk	What Disney are offering isn't art, but an expensive upgrade.	July 18, 2019
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	All bow down to Jon Favreau's visually stunning triumph. If I didn't know better I would think this was a Disneynature movie, not a revolutionary form of animation.	July 18, 2019
Harry Guerin	fresh	RT (Ireland)	[T]his Lion King's crowning glory isn't about the romance, comedy or triumph of good over evil: it's how Favreau has ensured that an urgent ecological message jumps off the screen with more power than even the Shakespearean elements of the story.	July 18, 2019
Deborah Ross	fresh	The Spectator	You'll want to pluck Simba from the screen and give him a cuddle.	July 18, 2019
Michael J. Casey	rotten	Boulder Weekly	Soulless cinema	July 18, 2019
Sherin Nicole	rotten	Geek Girl Riot	Why don't I feel the same today as I did when I watched the original? Animation [is] much more expressive...this film is so deeply photorealistic the expressiveness of these characters is lost.	July 18, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	Whatever the story has gained in terms of technical prowess, it has lost in charm and emotional impact.	July 18, 2019
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	Technically irreproachable. [Full review in Spanish]	July 18, 2019
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	It's a remake with roar.	July 18, 2019
Justin Chang	rotten	NPR	Some of these remakes have been more inspired than others, but few have felt quite as futile as The Lion King. This isn't the circle of life; it's more like a creative dead end.	July 18, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	fresh	Chilango.com	In conclusion, this new adaptation is completely unnecessary. Especially because it has nothing new to offer. [Full review in Spanish]	July 18, 2019
David Ocadiz	rotten	Cinergtica	A complete disappointment. [Full Review in Spanish]	July 18, 2019
Chris Hewitt	rotten	Minneapolis Star Tribune	Even if it were good, the best this movie could have hoped for was to be an imitation of something that was already perfect to begin with.	July 18, 2019
Loren King	rotten	Newport This Week (RI)	The realness of the imagery, however eye-popping, actually detracts and distracts rather than deepens the enjoyment.	July 18, 2019
Peter Howell	rotten	Toronto Star	At no point in Jon Favreau's The Lion King does it seem like it was a good idea to remake Disney's 1994 African wilderness parable, apart from the financial windfall it is sure to accrue.	July 18, 2019
Mark Dujsik	rotten	Mark Reviews Movies	[I]n taking away the imagination and freedom of its predecessor's style, The Lion King ultimately feels like a sedate imitation.	July 18, 2019
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	Astounding visuals rule in this new version of 'The Lion King'.	July 18, 2019
Sean Burns	rotten	The ARTery	Every aesthetic choice here has been made to tone down the material, making it less vivid, less expressive, less animated.	July 18, 2019
Alan Zilberman	rotten	Washington City Paper	It is a colossal blunder, a film so artless and bland that it may confuse younger audiences.	July 18, 2019
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	...the very definition of critic proof, but while others have found the film soulless, it is undeniably beautiful to look at and Seth Rogen as a farting warthog is almost worth the price of admission alone.	July 18, 2019
Richard Whittaker	rotten	Austin Chronicle	While not the dead-eyed stare of The Polar Express, every time a creature delivers a line it's like watching an actor with too much Botox: The lips are moving, but the face isn't telling you anything.	July 18, 2019
Tom Meek	fresh	Cambridge Day	This "King" is a serviceable curio along the lines of John Cameron's "Avatar" that will draw ire and admiration simply because of its bleeding edge technology.	July 18, 2019
Nora McGreevy	rotten	Boston Globe	You'll find yourself longing for the freedom afforded by simple lines and pixels.	July 18, 2019
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	The story's appeal remains - even if this Lion King doesn't always thrill.	July 18, 2019
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	Visually stunning, "The Lion King" is good, but not great. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Scenes, etc. - also Available)	July 18, 2019
Peter Travers	rotten	Rolling Stone	Everything money can buy, including the vocal talents of Beyonce and Donald Glover, has been poured into this photo-realistic retake on The Lion King. What's missing is heart, soul, daring and the faintest hint of originality.	July 18, 2019
Jeff Mitchell	fresh	Art House Film Wire	This beautiful remake proudly stands on its own four feet.	July 18, 2019
Doug Jamieson	rotten	The Jam Report	There's no denying this fancy new version of 'The Lion King' is a technical marvel, but without any semblance of heart and soul, it's the cinematic equivalent of watching a flashy screensaver for two hours.	July 18, 2019
Linda Marric	fresh	The Jewish Chronicle	A fun and truly spectacular undertaking.	July 18, 2019
Jo Berry	rotten	Movies4Kids	...it's decidedly odd when an animal that looks like it could have you for its dinner starts singing 'Hakuna Matata'.	July 18, 2019
Nora Lee Mandel	rotten	Maven's Nest	New VR version of 1994 classic for the video gaming generation, but won't that audience want a faster pace and more action than this slow, over-long preening of technology?	July 18, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	rotten	MovieFreak.com	I felt no love for this remake, it's overall storytelling mediocrity a circle of never-ending disappointment I couldn't wait to be finished with.	July 18, 2019
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Calling it a "worthy successor" would be a stretch. Better instead to call it a reason to visit theaters at a time when such "reasons" are becoming increasingly few and far between.	July 17, 2019
John Lui	fresh	The Straits Times (Singapore)	Watching this, it is hard to muster an emotion not previously associated with the first movie...It would have been a bold, fresh move for director Jon Favreau to have pencilled in a few changes...	July 17, 2019
Oliver Jones	rotten	Observer	This Lion King is retrograde-a cinematic expression of the kind of toxic nostalgia that has infiltrated our national discourse.	July 17, 2019
Cameron Meier	fresh	Orlando Weekly	Just when it starts to feel too familiar, the eye-popping animation saves the day.	July 17, 2019
Steven Prokopy	rotten	Third Coast Review	What we're left with is talking and singing animals that have almost no expression and no hints of playfulness and wonder.	July 17, 2019
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	National Catholic Register	Favreau wasn't hired as a creative, but as a taxidermist.	July 17, 2019
James Croot	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	Still a story likely to get a big roar of approval from younger audience members.	July 17, 2019
Kristian M. Lin	rotten	Fort Worth Weekly	It's just more animation and not necessarily better.	July 17, 2019
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	rotten	Me gusta el cine	I'd prefer to watch a 5-minute demo. 148 minutes was too much for me. I just hope they use all this new tech for something original. [Full review in Spanish]	July 17, 2019
Laura DeMarco	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	Despite some slow spots, The Lion King is a lush, dramatic getaway to the land ruled by lions.	July 17, 2019
Ryan Gilbey	rotten	New Statesman	Restaging a superannuated property such as The Lion King can leave decent performers with nothing to play with, no meat on the bone.	July 17, 2019
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	There are thrilling set pieces and the stripped-down mythic storytelling is still punchy, but lacks the emotional knockout of the 1994 original.	July 17, 2019
Steve Katz	rotten	Bullz-Eye.com	This new iteration of The Lion King actively invites comparisons to its predecessor, and that's a battle it has no hope of winning.	July 17, 2019
Joanne Soh	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	Despite the paint-by-numbers story, Favreau and his team of CGI wizards deserve much praise for giving us this musical safari.	July 17, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	All in, this is a movie that will make you laugh, then cry. Ultimately, you are left with awe at this circle of life. But like the recently-released live-action remake of Aladdin, this live-action version offers nothing new other than nostalgia.	July 17, 2019
Peter Gray	fresh	Brisbanista	This is a beautiful film to look at without question ... but the joy that radiates from a viewing of the aforementioned 1994 classic is unlikely to be experienced here.	July 17, 2019
Louise Keller	rotten	Urban Cinefile	Technically brilliant with its hyperreal visuals, there is something mawkish about Jon Favreau's remake of The Lion King.	July 17, 2019
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Visually stunning and majestic to behold, but this story was told with more power and finesse by its predecessor.	July 17, 2019
Anthony O'Connor	rotten	FILMINK (Australia)	...it just doesn't take off and consequently feels like an overlong slog through the savanna.	July 17, 2019
Lauren Bradshaw	fresh	Cloture Club	The Lion King is Disney's best animated adaptation yet, featuring a phenomenal vocal cast, iconic score, and all of the scenes you know and love from the original.	July 17, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	A modern visual gem! A wonderful and worthy adaptation of the animated classic. [Full review in Spanish]	July 16, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	rotten	Wall Street Journal	The Lion King redux doesn't feel marvelous, let alone like a magical creation from the Magic Kingdom. The beauty of the landscapes fills the eye without stirring the soul.	July 16, 2019
Sandie Angulo Chen	fresh	Common Sense Media	Visually stunning remake is darker, more violent.	July 16, 2019
Donald Clarke	rotten	Irish Times	Scrunch your eyes up, put your hands over your ears and you could be watching an uncharacteristically boring nature documentary on the BBC.	July 16, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	rotten	Movies and Shakers	This is more like a Disney Nature documentary than the heart tugging, life affirming, coming-of-age, picturesque feature it was intended to be. The animals look "photo-real", until they talk.	July 16, 2019
Megan Basham	fresh	WORLD	While The Lion King doesn't match the appeal of Cinderella or The Jungle Book, it is for the most part done well.	July 16, 2019
Adam Woodward	rotten	Little White Lies	The king is dead. Long live the king.	July 16, 2019
Nigel Andrews	fresh	Financial Times	The vistas are tinted rosy gold and copper in setting suns. It's so handsome you can even listen to "Circle of Life" for the hundredth time without wanting to kill yourself.	July 16, 2019
Sandra Hall	fresh	Sydney Morning Herald	A canny hybrid of old and new, ringing a few changes but sticking fast to the basics... Yet the film's attachment to the real world produces an oddly sobering effect.	July 16, 2019
Jo Berry	rotten	The List	For this movie to be as unforgettable and moving as its predecessor, you also need heaps of heart and soul. Sadly, for this year's Lion King, no one has yet invented a computer that can convincingly simulate either.	July 16, 2019
Akhil Arora	rotten	Gadgets360	But if Disney could bother to make the lions look so real, the least they could have done is take inspiration from the real animal world, where female lions are the ones who run the pride.	July 16, 2019
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	It's a visually staggering, beat-for-beat remake of the first movie, and aside from some new dialogue and a semi-consequential extra scene midway through the film, everything else remains intact.	July 16, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	rotten	Daily Film Fix	Call it Disney Nature becomes Disney Narrative, as "African Cats" morph convincingly into "The Lion King." But the more and more real things look, the more my mind kept thinking about the real circle of life.	July 16, 2019
Lisa Johnson Mandell	fresh	AtHomeInHollywood.com	I would have loved to see director John Favreau infuse more fantasy and wonder, as he did with the live action version of The Jungle Book.	July 16, 2019
Ella Kemp	rotten	Culture Whisper	When you're trying to mine emotion from a dried-up rock, you'll be left choking on your own dust long after the sheen of mechanical innovation has worn off.	July 16, 2019
Mick LaSalle	rotten	San Francisco Chronicle	A film that is stunning to look at, even inspiring at times, but dramatically bizarre.	July 16, 2019
Neil Soans	fresh	The Times of India	Although that may leave an impression on new audiences, those who have grown up on the animated classic might struggle to find their sentiments revived. Nevertheless, watching this family-favourite come to life will trigger enough awe-inspiring moments...	July 15, 2019
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	rotten	Film Festival Today	Perhaps it's just me ... but I am tired of stories of hereditary rule and genetic destiny. They once had their place, but surely the human species has outgrown the appeal.	July 15, 2019
Jesse Hassenger	rotten	The Week	The 2019 version of The Lion King is an apex of faux-live-action animation, with an impressive volume of photorealistic effects. It may be the dullest technological game-changer ever made.	July 15, 2019
Vicky Roach	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Sweet, funny, mutually supportive - Pumbaa (Seth Rogen) and Timon (Billy Eichner) elevate friendship and fart humour to a whole other level.	July 15, 2019
Kyle Smith	fresh	National Review	Sometimes not changing anything is a daring choice, and though Favreau's take does much less original thinking than his 2016 live-action Jungle Book did, it never feels like an insipid dinner-theater remake.	July 15, 2019
Tom Santilli	fresh	Movie Show Plus	Yes, it IS possible to love The Lion King & wonder why they didn't leave well enough alone...if Disney is going to remake their classics, this is how it should be done.	July 15, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	Director Jon Favreau's The Lion King is Disney's best remake in recent years, featuring stunning visuals and expanding on this famous story about the circle of life.	July 15, 2019
Joey Magidson	fresh	Hollywood News	Visually, this is an unparalleled work by Jon Favreau and company. The effects on display are often breathtaking. The opening Circle of Life sequence is a real stunner.	July 15, 2019
Richard Jordan	fresh	Den of Geek	This new Lion King is still enjoyable -- especially for those who are new to the story -- and its staggering visual achievements should rightly be celebrated. But for anyone who's seen and loved the original animation, it inevitably suffers by comparison.	July 15, 2019
Ruben Peralta Rigaud	fresh	Cocalecas	The Lion King like all Disney remakes, ultimately, does not surpass the original... Do not misunderstand me, the film is entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]	July 15, 2019
Janire Zurbano	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	The film doesn't bring anything new and it's unnecessary, but 25 years later almost everything shines to the delight of our nostalgic hearts. [Full review in Spanish]	July 15, 2019
Katie Walsh	rotten	Tribune News Service	A bunch of big cats just aren't cut out to carry "Hamlet," as insane as it is to have to state that.	July 15, 2019
Garrett Green	fresh	Black Nerd Problems	It's fun, it's beautiful, and it'll have you singing all your old favorites for the first time again. While not perfect with how realistic it is and how it takes the safer route, it's still a good time to be had.	July 15, 2019
Caryn James	fresh	BBC.com	But if the new Lion King is not as seamless as the earlier versions, it is full of adventure and is just as sweetly engaging.	July 15, 2019
Courtney Small	rotten	Cinema Axis	This film is filled with beautifully rendered creatures whose eyes are devoid of a soul.	July 15, 2019
Rebecca Murray	fresh	Showbiz Junkies	Those of us who can still remember the words to "Circle of Life" and "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" might have a (...) difficult time understanding the point of a remake.	July 15, 2019
Joseph Walsh	fresh	The Skinny	The big hitters like I Just Can't Wait to be King and the beloved Hakuna Matata still have the same magic, even if the visuals are now in a lower, less-pantomime key.	July 15, 2019
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	The exact same stuff happens as before. Now though, it looks like David Attenborough uncovered a secret species of singing lion and lent them to Disney for it.	July 15, 2019
Samuel Spencer	rotten	Daily Express (UK)	This is The Lion King's greatest strength, but also its greatest weakness, as by trying to make the savannah as accurate as possible the Disney film seems to forget what it is we loved about the 1995 original.	July 13, 2019
Barry Hertz	rotten	Globe and Mail	There is plenty of wonder on offer in this Lion King, but little imagination.	July 13, 2019
Helen O'Hara	fresh	Empire Magazine	Beautifully crafted and carefully conceived, without ever entirely justifying its existence... So, you might feel the love tonight, but perhaps not quite as much as before.	July 13, 2019
Preston Barta	rotten	Denton Record-Chronicle	'The Lion King' finds its strength in the quieter moments. However, much of everything else feels lifeless and doesn't reach its full potential to be unique.	July 12, 2019
Jenna Busch	fresh	VitalThrills.com	There are moments where I felt like I was watching a nature special. There were other moments when I was mesmerized by the way the lion's feet move.	July 12, 2019
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	Packed with cutting-edge effects, enjoyable & amusing performances, songs you all know & can sing along with, & a few little surprises, The Lion King is sure to thrill audiences of all ages.	July 12, 2019
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	"The Lion King" feels fresh and vibrant, alive and vital in 2019 in a way I would not have thought possible.	July 12, 2019
Brent Goldman	fresh	culturevulture.net	The Lion King is a visual masterpiece that honors and builds on the original story, but can't quite find the same depth and emotion. If you were to introduce someone to The Lion King, the 1994 version remains the go-to.	July 12, 2019
Nick Johnston	rotten	Vanyaland	It's so content to rest on its laurels - its certainty that all of you in the audience know all the words to this song and will be made giddy just by hearing it - that it forgets to be a movie.	July 12, 2019
Bob Chipman	fresh	Escapist Magazine	Viewed as an experiment that's also a film? 'The Lion King' is more interesting than 'good,' but it's also pretty good.	July 12, 2019
Kristian Harloff	fresh	Schmoes Know	[The film] is gorgeous. It looks amazing. It sounds great. The performances are great. [But] it's the same movie. There's nothing new.	July 12, 2019
Mark Ellis	fresh	Schmoes Know	[The Lion King] gives you the same emotional tinges that I felt watching [the original], and that I think is a credit to the film.	July 12, 2019
Matthew Razak	fresh	Flixist.com	This movie is a non-stop visual orgasm (put that one on the poster, Disney).	July 12, 2019
Tyler Smith	rotten	Battleship Pretension	The filmmakers take the most memorable moments and characters from the original movie and drain them of everything that gave them life in the first place.	July 12, 2019
Brian Viner	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	This is a terrific film in its own right, and fully deserves to be lionised.	July 12, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	The quintessential Disney movie presented to you in industry defining clarity. A game-changer.	July 12, 2019
Michael O'Sullivan	fresh	Washington Post	Yes, this movie is a safari to the shadowland... And it's just deep enough to give a cat who's come of age something to sink his teeth into.	July 12, 2019
Dana Stevens	rotten	Slate	Pairing off romantically to produce a legitimate heir to the throne is nice and all, but it's getting destroyed by the minions of your own venal ambition that's the real circle of life.	July 12, 2019
Joi Childs	fresh	MTR Network	This Jon Favreau-directed adventure aims to bring the much-loved animated world into the new age. And while it succeeds in that objective with transformative animation, it fails to have the emotional weight of the OG.	July 12, 2019
Catalina Combs	rotten	Black Girl Nerds	Disney brings us a version of 'The Lion King' that is not as enjoyable as its predecessor.	July 12, 2019
Diana Saenger	fresh	ReviewExpress.com	One of the best things in this new film is the music. You can feel it in your chest, your head and almost believe you are in their territory.	July 12, 2019
Scott Menzel	rotten	We Live Entertainment	All the visual effects in the world cannot replace the pure Disney magic that was brought to life by the entire cast and crew in the 1994 animated masterpiece.	July 12, 2019
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	Every story comes down to the quality of its interpretation, and the stunning visual splendor of this rendition tells this story beautifully and dynamically.	July 11, 2019
Eric Eisenberg	rotten	CinemaBlend	While everything looks incredibly life-like, it reveals that there are particular limitations of reality that run into conflict with the needs of the storytelling, and that's a problem that it struggles to overcome.	July 11, 2019
Jon Negroni	rotten	The Young Folks	As an accessory to 1994's The Lion King, the remake is a passable excursion through what's currently possible with modern CGI, but like with all technology, this will age as poorly as the skeletons in Pirates of the Caribbean.	July 11, 2019
Pamela Powell	fresh	Reel Honest Reviews	[Jon] Favreau masterfully creates an amalgam of worlds, real and animated, to retell a beautiful and familiar story which will mesmerize children and adults alike.	July 11, 2019
Andrea Thompson	rotten	A Reel of One's Own	Director Jon Favreau clearly knows how to put real soul into potentially soulless technological marvels, but even he can't inject some passion into a film that could never be anything but a lifeless husk.	July 11, 2019
Sean Chandler	fresh	Sean Chandler Talks About	The movie exists at Jon Faverau's photorealistic cover of The Lion King. It's the same song. It's the same arrangement. Just sung by someone else. But sung very well. The novelty of seeing this story brought to life in this new format worked for me.	July 11, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Does The Lion King still rule...Hell Yeah! Billy Eichner and Seth Rogen steal everyone's thunder with their hilarity. The CGI is the best I have ever seen. Chiwetel Ejofor is spectacular as Scar. Hyenas were scary and key music elements were missed.	July 11, 2019
Liam Maguren	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	Thrilling moments become more tense thanks to the photorealism, and when the Lions vs. Hyena climax kicks in, they go wild with it. It's kinda awesome.	July 11, 2019
John Wenzel	rotten	Denver Post	It hangs together better than the horrid, live-action Aladdin remake that came out in May. But that's not saying much. Most viewers will find this Lion King to be either eye-candy or uncanny valley. There's so little in between.	July 11, 2019
Kevin Fallon	fresh	The Daily Beast	The Lion King is a masterpiece feast for the eyes.	July 11, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	Even if the original is better, it was amazing to see all the attention to detail that was put into the ambitious attempt to making this movie come alive.	July 11, 2019
Robert Kojder	fresh	Flickering Myth	The Lion King is a love-hate watch; you love what you're seeing but simultaneously you just want Disney to stop it with the laziness and greed	July 11, 2019
Joshua Rivera	rotten	GQ	As visually singular a work The Lion King is, it often presents itself as plainly as possible, causing many of its most powerful scenes to ring hollow as it fails to sustain or build any sort of emotional foundation in any given moment.	July 11, 2019
Andrew Parker	fresh	The Gate	Call the blatantly rehashed storytelling cynical if you must, but it's clear that a lot of people worked very hard on this because they love what The Lion King represents.	July 11, 2019
K. Austin Collins	rotten	Vanity Fair	The new Lion King isn't a disaster. It's a lesson: in what makes voice acting resonate... and in the strangeness of hearing animals emote vocally when their faces are pretty much limited to moving mouths and blinking eyes.	July 11, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	rotten	We Live Entertainment	For all the work that went into bringing an animated African savanna to "life," this Lion King lacks heart.	July 11, 2019
David Ehrlich	rotten	indieWire	A well-rendered but creatively bankrupt self-portrait of a movie studio eating its own tail.	July 11, 2019
Mara Reinstein	rotten	Us Weekly	For all the remake's technological majesty, that special mystique unique to the 1994 original lies far beyond where the light touches.	July 11, 2019
Avi Offer	fresh	NYC Movie Guru	A breathtaking, enormously entertaining adventure with the heart, humor and soul of the original classic intact. It's a triumph!	July 11, 2019
Rachel Wagner	rotten	rachelsreviews.net	There are no two ways around it. It's bland, bland, bland.	July 11, 2019
Dan Murrell	rotten	Screen Junkies	On a technical level, Jon Favreau's doing some groundbreaking stuff. I don't think it adds anything to The Lion King...Even on its own, it drags.	July 11, 2019
Princess Weekes	fresh	The Mary Sue	That doesn't make this adaptation necessary, but I will say that having a majority Black voice cast in the movie was really awesome to hear. Yes, even Beyonc.	July 11, 2019
Erik Anderson	fresh	AwardsWatch	But nothing will prepare you for just how funny, how exactly right Billy Eichner and Seth Rogen's takes on the meerkat Timon and warthog Pumbaa are. They are a match made in comedy heaven and one of film's all-time great comedy duos.	July 11, 2019
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	You can love this version of The Lion King and its predecessor in equal measure.	July 11, 2019
Louisa Moore	rotten	Screen Zealots	A show-off of technical prowess rather than a solid example of good storytelling.	July 11, 2019
Kevin Maher	fresh	Times (UK)	The Lion King is dead. Long live The Lion King.	July 11, 2019
Dorian Parks	fresh	Geeks of Color	From the VFX, to the voice acting, I was truly impressed that they were able to pull off something as big as this, especially with the original being so iconic and a favorite to many.	July 11, 2019
John Tones	fresh	Espinof	A superb work, but superficial. [Full review in Spanish]	July 11, 2019
Harvey S. Karten	fresh	Big Apple Reviews	A quantum leap in animation technology will make you swear that you are witnessing photos of people on a South African safari.	July 11, 2019
Grace Randolph	rotten	Beyond the Trailer	While there are some great vocal performances, overall this film is such a blatant copy of the 1994 version it seems that team should be officially credited on this movie.	July 11, 2019
William Bibbiani	rotten	TheWrap	Sometimes it's fascinating, frequently it's ludicrous, and sometimes - like when an incredibly realistic animal dies on-screen in front of you while its only child mourns him - it's borderline grotesque.	July 11, 2019
Terence Johnson	rotten	Le Noir Auteur	This new version of The Lion King is a nearly shot for shot remake... That sense of normalcy and nostalgia is a comforting blanket to be wrapped around, but I found myself longing to be free of it, because it so rarely hit the heights of the [original].	July 11, 2019
Tania Lamb	fresh	Lola Lambchops	It's worth giving it a chance, but The Lion King wasn't for me. Visually stunning, but why do I want to relive Mufasa's death with animals that can't emote what I'm feeling?	July 11, 2019
Rafer Guzman	fresh	Newsday	What consistently dazzles are the effects, from the smallest twitch of an ear to the awesome sight of stampeding wildebeest.	July 11, 2019
Don Kaye	rotten	Den of Geek	This entertaining but eventually forgettable remix starts to feel as pointless as the rest of Disney's recent remakes.	July 11, 2019
Anne Cohen	rotten	Refinery29	But even with the updated dialogue and jokes about "local" produce, the result still feels less magical without the original's dynamic spurts of originality and weirdness that allowed us to suspend our disbelief, and revel in the moment.	July 11, 2019
Jeremy Jahns	rotten	JeremyJahns.com	I feel like this remake took out more than it put back in.	July 11, 2019
Brandon Zachary	rotten	CBR	Dialogue, shots and scenes are recreated, more for the sake of appearance than for storytelling. It's not wholly fair to compare this movie to the original, but it's unavoidable.	July 11, 2019
Kendra James	rotten	The Verge	While it's a near shot-for-shot remake of the original, this version of The Lion King lacks much of the emotion and expressiveness that keeps people coming back to the first.	July 11, 2019
Bilge Ebiri	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	It's a stirring reminder of what can be achieved with all the talent (and money) in the world, as well as a cautionary tale of what can happen when there's no vision to bind it all together.	July 11, 2019
Jake Coyle	rotten	Associated Press	"The Lion King" is missing something. A purpose, maybe, and a heart.	July 11, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	rotten	ChrisStuckmann.com	The personality of the original film is nonexistent here. This film is soulless.	July 11, 2019
Brian Orndorf	rotten	Blu-ray.com	After doing something imaginative with "The Jungle Book," it's a bit disappointing to watch Favreau play it all so cautiously.	July 11, 2019
Rodrigo Perez	rotten	The Playlist	"The Lion King" filmmakers and the VFX guys were so preoccupied with whether or not they could make a photorealistic animated remake of a beloved Disney classic, nobody stopped to think whether they should.	July 11, 2019
Joanna Langfield	fresh	The Movie Minute	A true visual accomplishment, what really makes this one roar, when it does, are its very human stars.	July 11, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	fresh	Shakefire	The Lion King is a stunning film to look at as individual scenes can be absolutely breathtaking, but it struggles to capture the emotional range of its story.	July 11, 2019
Eric Webb	fresh	Austin American-Statesman	This is a classic tale told beautifully - as long as the toddler in my row felt like roaring whenever Simba did, all must be well in the Pride Lands. Hakunah freakin' matata.	July 11, 2019
Matt Maytum	fresh	Total Film	The 'toon still rules when it comes to heart, but this shot-for-shot remake is an impressively mounted, visually breathtaking nostalgia rush.	July 11, 2019
Perri Nemiroff	fresh	Collider Video	A stunning reminder why 'The Lion King' has always been a personal favorite Disney animated classic. If you're happy to welcome back familiar thrills and tears, the filmmakers' visual wizardry will make this story well worth another go.	July 11, 2019
Robbie Collin	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	In an odd way, the power of this new Lion King comes from the outside: you soak up its astonishing photoreal visuals and marvel at the extraordinary progress that can occur within a single generation, yet still ache for everything that's made way for it.	July 11, 2019
Brian Lowry	rotten	CNN.com	The result is a polished and satisfying film, yet one that conspicuously feels even more like a consumer product than most Disney revivals of its animated classics.	July 11, 2019
Robert Daniels	rotten	812filmreviews	You're likelier to find more enjoyment, excitement, and empathy on the ride: "It's a Small World" - than in any portion of Disney's newest cash grab: The Lion King.	July 11, 2019
Angie Han	rotten	Mashable	It's a lovingly envisioned, lavishly produced, and painstakingly crafted cash grab. And it's not much more than that.	July 11, 2019
A.A. Dowd	rotten	AV Club	It's as if every creative decision were subordinate to the film's misguided insistence on realism, on keeping the mannerisms and movements of these magically intelligent creatures "believable."	July 11, 2019
Michael Phillips	rotten	Chicago Tribune	Financially this cat's in the bag. Cinematically, though, "The Lion King" reminds me of that "Sweet Smell of Success" line delivered by Tony Curtis: "The cat's in the bag, and the bag's in the river."	July 11, 2019
Stephanie Zacharek	rotten	TIME Magazine	In that respect, this Lion King is a faithful remake, and in terms of its technology, it's at times quite beautiful to behold... But there's no sense of wonder in this new Lion King-its most visible attribute is ambition.	July 11, 2019
Matt Patches	rotten	Polygon	There are glimmers of beauty and awe in the new Lion King... They're all moments first storyboarded in the early '90s, when a team of artists was asked to bring an original, animated work of art to life.	July 11, 2019
Shana O'Neil	fresh	Hypable	Disney's The Lion King is beautifully and lovingly reimagined... though it's not without problems.	July 11, 2019
Shannon McGrew	fresh	Nightmarish Conjurings	Jon Favreau did a beautiful job in bringing this reimagination to life [and] the overall execution through the use of visual effects is stunning and an absolute work of art.	July 11, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Director Jon Favreau brings the African savanna to life with stunning realism. A new generation of fans will be wowed by a classic story remade with cutting edge technology.	July 11, 2019
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	Director Jon Favreau's visually wowing update stuns the senses with photorealistic animals and an immersive African landscape, all courtesy of game-changing, incredible visual effects.	July 11, 2019
Clarisse Loughrey	fresh	Independent (UK)	If anything, The Lion King uses nostalgia as a springboard for experimentation, finding new ways to tell old stories, while reminding us what makes those stories feel truly timeless in the first place.	July 11, 2019
Reed Tucker	fresh	New York Post	What is new is this film's striking CGI animation style. Director Jon Favreau again deploys the same photo-realistic process used in his 2016 hit "The Jungle Book," and the results are astonishing.	July 11, 2019
Alissa Wilkinson	rotten	Vox	The Lion King has always been a film with quite a lot to say bubbling below its surface. But 2019's telling adds bloat, and nothing more.	July 11, 2019
Josh Spiegel	rotten	Slashfilm	Sure, it's all photo-real. That doesn't make this story livelier or more exciting. It simply serves as a reminder of how much trickery went into every shot of something that winds up so hollow.	July 11, 2019
Michael Arbeiter	rotten	Nerdist	With only a select few narrative deviations from the original... and more than the lion's share of exact duplication of old scenes, Disney's latest remake doesn't give you much of a choice but to let your mind return to memories of the original.	July 11, 2019
Meagan Navarro	rotten	Consequence of Sound	The Lion King serves as both a striking introduction of a timeless tale for a new generation, but also a puzzling, lifeless duplicate for those who can already quote the original	July 11, 2019
Peter Bradshaw	fresh	Guardian	Basically, this new Lion King sticks very closely to the original version, and in that sense it's of course watchable and enjoyable. But I missed the simplicity and vividness of the original hand-drawn images.	July 11, 2019
A.O. Scott	rotten	New York Times	The closer the movie gets to nature in its look, the more blatant, intrusive and purposeless its artifice seems.	July 11, 2019
Matt Singer	rotten	ScreenCrush	Like a bad Xerox of the original.	July 11, 2019
Todd McCarthy	rotten	Hollywood Reporter	Everything here is so safe and tame and carefully calculated as to seem pre-digested. There's nary a surprise in the whole two hours.	July 11, 2019
Scott Mendelson	rotten	Forbes	Be prepared for a shockingly dull remake that trades passion, emotion and excitement for "realism."	July 11, 2019
Pat Brown	rotten	Slant Magazine	There's something very cheap at the core of this overtly, ostentatiously expensive film, reliant as it is on our memory of the original to accentuate every significant moment.	July 11, 2019
Matt Oakes	rotten	Silver Screen Riot	A tale of technological wonder and complete and utter creative indifference.	July 11, 2019
Kirsten Acuna	fresh	Insider	If you grew up loving the animated movie, the remake will transport you back to the '90s and make you feel like a kid again.	July 11, 2019
Samantha Incorvaia	fresh	Arizona Republic	Despite minor hiccups, it really comes down to an entertaining time with no worries - er, "Hakuna Matata."	July 11, 2019
Kaitlyn Booth	fresh	Bleeding Cool	The Lion King is a technical marvel unlike anything you've seen but is more or less a shot for shot remake of the original animated movie.	July 11, 2019
J. Don Birnam	fresh	Splash Report	Ask not "Why?" a studio must remake a classic film, but "Why Not?" The Lion King is a great, classic tale, and that can't change based on whether a computer or a hand drew the graphics.	July 11, 2019
Leah Greenblatt	fresh	Entertainment Weekly	The story and the songs, with a few notable if hardly unexpected updates, are fondly faithful to the original; the magic mostly intact. Another reboot was never terribly necessary, maybe - but it's good, still, to be King.	July 11, 2019
Mike Ryan	fresh	Uproxx	The Lion King is a visually stunning movie and a worthy reimagining.	July 11, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	"The Lion King" is on balance a solid and at times stunningly beautiful film.	July 11, 2019
Tim Grierson	fresh	Screen International	It's easy to be swayed by the craftsmanship on display, even if one wishes all involved weren't so loyal to the original "King."	July 11, 2019
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	it's an uplifting hymn to the natural wonder of our world with an emphasis on respecting our environment, and if David Attenborough made Disney films it would look and feel like this	July 11, 2019
Jazz Tangcay	fresh	Awards Daily	I roar for  The Lion King  It's majestic.	July 11, 2019
Molly Freeman	fresh	ScreenRant	The Lion King is good because the original animated movie was great, though it does feature stunning CGI that Disney is clearly excited to show off.	July 11, 2019
David Sexton	fresh	London Evening Standard	This Lion King just has more of everything visually, compared to the 1994 animation.	July 11, 2019
Nestor Bentancor	fresh	Nestor Cine Desde Hollywood	Visually dazzling from the start, the film takes a while until it starts to match the emotional resonance of the animated classic. [Full review in Spanish]	July 11, 2019
Brandon Davis	fresh	ComicBook.com	The Lion King was not a movie which needed to be remade, but its flawless visuals and impressive voice cast's efforts justify its existence. The emotional punches come as expected, and the musical cues carry it through.	July 11, 2019
Kenneth Turan	fresh	Los Angeles Times	By joining familiar material with mind-expanding technology, "Lion King" knows how to bring you around.	July 11, 2019
John Nguyen	fresh	Nerd Reactor	[The Lion King] is the best remake of the Disney animated classics ... You can't top the animated movie, but this is a good alternative for a new generation and fans that want to see a 'realistic' take on what that would look like.	July 11, 2019
Courtney Howard	fresh	Fresh Fiction	Magic and majesty are recaptured to varying degrees of success, but, more importantly, this provides an awe-inducing showcase for visual effects and technology.	July 11, 2019
Peter Debruge	fresh	Variety	From the ecstatic Zulu chant that opens the film... to the thundering drum beat that ends it... Jon Favreau's exhilarating live-action take on "The Lion King" hews closer to the Walt Disney animated masterpiece than any of the studio's recent remakes.	July 11, 2019
Danielle Solzman	fresh	Solzy at the Movies	The Lion King brings one of Disney's most beloved animated films to life in visually stunning photo-realistic CGI adaptation.	July 11, 2019
Brent Hankins	fresh	The Lamplight Review	There's no denying that Favreau and his team have crafted a brilliant technological achievement, but whether The Lion King is a great film on its own merits is a subject that will likely inspire a fair amount of debate.	July 11, 2019
Rosie Knight	fresh	IGN Movies	The Lion King is a beat-for-beat adaptation that will make even the coldest hearts warm with nostalgia but could potentially disappoint those looking for a new take on the iconic story.	July 11, 2019
Roger Moore	fresh	Movie Nation	Too little that's "new," a perfectly passable time-killer as a summer movie, nothing more.	July 11, 2019
Clint Worthington	rotten	The Spool	With The Lion King, Disney didn't want to prove they were the best at making movies; they wanted to prove they were the best at making lions.	July 11, 2019
Allison Rose	fresh	FlickDirect	Jones is wonderful returning as the voice of the king, Mustafa. Oliver is also great as Zazu, the bird, bringing some levity to the film.	July 11, 2019
Christie Cronan	fresh	Raising Whasians	When it comes to visuals, this movie gets the "lion share." Disneynature documentary or a CGI film? A visually stunning remake overall, except in the song department.	July 11, 2019
Joshua Rothkopf	rotten	Time Out	This new Lion King is an invader of the real world, its characters akin to stuffed trophies mounted on the wall. They're lifelike, yes, but somehow not alive.	July 11, 2019
M.V. Moorhead	fresh	Phoenix Magazine	Once the battles get going, the film is really pretty exciting.	November 22, 2019
Paul McGuire Grimes	rotten	KSTP-TV	I don't know if this is a sequel we need. A strong message for kids, but their parents may get a little bored.	November 20, 2019
Matthew Toomey	rotten	ABC Radio Brisbane	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is likely to have its fans given their admiration for the original but when compared to the aforementioned films, it's sorely lacking.	November 10, 2019
Chris Knight	rotten	National Post	The plot seems a touch thin, the battle scenes interminable, and resolution, when it comes, unearned.	November 9, 2019
Rubn Rosario	fresh	MiamiArtZine	It goes down easy, thanks to a colorful palette and Woolverton's refusal to soft-pedal the nefarious lengths Queen Ingrith will go to carry out her anti-fairy agenda.	November 7, 2019
Debbie Lynn Elias	fresh	Behind The Lens	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is pure magic! A visually and emotionally exquisite tale that is simply beautiful.	November 5, 2019
Tim Brayton	rotten	Alternate Ending	Declares that Maleficent is hostile and threatening and scary, while also telling a story in which she is specifically not those things. It's very confounding and sloppy.	November 5, 2019
Simon Weaving	rotten	Screenwize	With the overwhelming razzle-dazzle of computer-generated vistas, there's definitely something missing. Fairytales are meant to be whispered, invoking wonder and mystery, even at their darkest. This is shouty and loud.	November 4, 2019
Laura Griffiths	rotten	Starburst	Fleshing out Maleficent's origins felt necessary, the attention given to this did feel like a departure from the rest of the story, only coming together in the final act, leaving the audience to wonder why we should care, or even why Maleficent would.	November 4, 2019
Stephanie Chapman	fresh	Pop Culture Leftovers	It has moments that will bring the audience from laughter to tears all while rooting for kindness and justice to prevail.	November 3, 2019
Vicky Roach	rotten	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Elle Fanning's innocent flowerchild is cast from a depressingly familiar mould in this muddled, wildly uneven sequel to Disney's revisionist 2014 spin on the Sleeping Beauty legend.	November 1, 2019
Lauren Bradshaw	fresh	Cloture Club	When Pfeiffer and Jolie are together in a scene, it is absolute fire. The icy glares, the shade, THE CHEEKBONES... this is what I came to see.	October 30, 2019
Zaki Hasan	rotten	Zaki's Corner	Jolie is great, Pfeiffer is great, but despite its lead character's impressive wingspan, this second Maleficent fails to cast much of a shadow.	October 29, 2019
Andre Meadows	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	This movie is wacky.	October 28, 2019
Israel Acosta Aroche	rotten	Konexin	This sequel is unbearably less fun and more treacly. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 28, 2019
Matt Brunson	fresh	Film Frenzy	This Maleficent might be far from magnificent, but as a fractured fairy tale, it mostly gets the job done.	October 27, 2019
Steven Prokopy	rotten	Third Coast Review	Mistress of Evil's greatest crime is that it gets so lost in its fantasy elements that it forgets to create engaging characters or a story that generates any real drama.	October 26, 2019
David Poland	rotten	Movie City News	A movie trying to do so much that it does nothing.	October 25, 2019
James Luxford	rotten	Radio Times	Overall, Mistress of Evil expands just enough upon its predecessor to justify its existence, but fails to add anything memorable to the mythology.	October 25, 2019
Caillou Pettis	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning shine in Maleficent: Mistress of Evil, a sequel that surpasses its predecessor with exciting action, an interesting story, and good visuals.	October 25, 2019
Mark Kermode	rotten	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	It just did not know what it wanted to be.	October 24, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	Just a good old fairy tale with no political overtones. The kids sitting behind me clapped when it was over (in a good way). Plus the battle between good (Jolie) and evil (Pfeiffer) entertains the adults.	October 24, 2019
Jenni Moore	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Mistress of Evil is a decent enough sequel, though it's less magical than the first installment, which, admittedly, blew my mind.	October 24, 2019
Allen Adams	rotten	The Maine Edge	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is...an uninteresting slog, a mishmash of garish CGI, disengaged nonsense and thin narrative...The real evil is whatever corporate edict that led to this thing getting greenlit.	October 24, 2019
Sarah Marrs	rotten	Lainey Gossip	There are some really cool visuals and beautiful, detailed costumes, but overall nothing quite justifies the talent and investment represented on screen.	October 23, 2019
Karen M. Peterson	rotten	AwardsCircuit.com	The costumes, casting, and overall design are lovely, but the finished product is a mess.	October 23, 2019
Laura Harding	rotten	Scotsman	Further attempts to subvert the original Sleeping Beauty only manage to further sideline Maleficent in her own story, giving the whole enterprise an appropriately soporific quality.	October 23, 2019
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	rotten	Cinexcepcin	The story is bland and the fantasy is still betting on unreality, because the morals remain in the words rather than the facts. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 23, 2019
Rolando Gallego	rotten	EscribiendoCine	The main drawback is (...) the levity applied when dealing with conflicts from the narrative, which could have enhanced the plot. Instead, they end up only enunciating themselves, with a bitter taste. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 23, 2019
Roe McDermott	rotten	Hot Press	Overall, an underwhelming effort.	October 22, 2019
Alberto Corona	fresh	Sensacine	This is an original sequel despite its imperfections. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 22, 2019
Patrick Crossen	fresh	Film Inquiry	It's a movie that feels at war with itself, but when the right side breaks through, it can be something beautiful, like the film that came before.	October 22, 2019
Devesh Sharma	rotten	Filmfare	Director Joachim Rnning gets some parts right and some parts wonderfully wrong. Maybe what he needed was another fairy tale instead of stretching this one to its limits and making it sag in the process...	October 22, 2019
Ronak Kotecha	fresh	The Times of India	With widespread death and destruction, this fairytale costume drama is by no means a child's play. However, it has enough live-action magic to bring the big screen alive.	October 21, 2019
Soumya Srivastava	rotten	Hindustan Times	Five years and multiple million dollars hence, Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning's film offers nothing new or even remotely as path-breaking, emotional or magical as its predecessor.	October 21, 2019
Nandini Ramnath	fresh	Scroll.in	The sequel has bigger things on its mind - racism and the distrust of foreigners, ecological disaster, warmongering, gender stereotyping - but the bit that stays and thrills is the continuing tenderness felt by a witch for her ward.	October 21, 2019
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	It's got everything you'd want to see in a dark fairy tale - evil witches, sorcery, and jaw-dropping visual effects.	October 21, 2019
Ani Bundel	fresh	NBC News THINK	It's a visually gorgeous movie...Unfortunately, the rest of the film is a muddled mess.	October 21, 2019
Randall King	rotten	Winnipeg Free Press	This sequel to the 2014 fantasy Maleficent is part and parcel of Disney's recent cash-grab mission to remake all its animated classics into more-or-less live action, or photo-realistic-looking movies.	October 21, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	rotten	Herald Sun (Australia)	All storytelling roads lead to an incomprehensible Game of Thrones-lite battle in the final act that is either very poorly staged, or terribly edited. It is impossible to tell.	October 21, 2019
Nick Johnston	fresh	Vanyaland	It's not perfect, but I would be lying to you if I didn't say that I enjoyed most of this film, and would gladly take more.	October 21, 2019
Wade Major	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	This [sequel] is not only unnecessary, it's a betrayal of the entire lore.	October 21, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	Reasonably enjoyable, even though it lags in a few places and recycles some themes from its predecessor without adding much that's conceptually new.	October 21, 2019
Tim Grierson	rotten	Screen International	"Mistress of Evil" has its heart in the right place, but good intentions can't overcome a nagging blockbuster familiarity.	October 21, 2019
Christy Lemire	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	There's no need for this [sequel]... It's almost not campy enough.	October 21, 2019
Mikel Zorrilla	rotten	Espinof	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is better than its predecessor, but that does not mean that it's a good film. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 21, 2019
Rich Cline	rotten	Shadows on the Wall	As before, it's livened up by super-whizzy Disney effects, plus a cast that goes for broke. But the story is problematic on so many levels that the film isn't easy to watch.	October 21, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer make this Maleficent sequel worthwhile and fun.	October 21, 2019
EJ Moreno	rotten	Flickering Myth	Maleficent 2 needed to be high camp, but it just came off highly cheesy. There's good pieces into this puzzle but they don't all fit together. Also, how do you sideline the titular character in her own film?	October 21, 2019
Nestor Bentancor	rotten	Nestor Cine Desde Hollywood	Jolie and Pfeiffer intermittently elevate a very generic and melodramatic sequel that grows in scale but has no magic. [Full review in Spanish]	October 21, 2019
Susana Guzman De la O	rotten	Cine Premiere	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil doesn't only repeat the errors from the first film. It intensifies them. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 20, 2019
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	Pushing what's acceptable, particularly in a PG film, to the limit, this is a strong sequel, but definitely not for the very young.	October 20, 2019
Tom Shone	rotten	Sunday Times (UK)	The climax here is the same overcrammed crush of castles, ramparts, tree monsters and trolls that has laid waste to every film since The Lord of the Rings.	October 20, 2019
Tori Preston	fresh	Pajiba	It'll still keep kids entertained, and give your eyeholes something really pretty to look at for two hours. Beyond that, I guess the question is: what were you expecting?	October 20, 2019
Joseph Walsh	rotten	The Arts Desk	The plot is overstuffed and under-baked, trying desperately to kindle that spark of Disney magic, that never arrives.	October 20, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Sumptuous fantasy sequel...	October 20, 2019
Nathalia Aryani	fresh	The MovieMaven	A fantastic fantasy adventure blending thrilling action in a magical setting with a real-world inclusion message.	October 20, 2019
Nate Adams	rotten	The Only Critic	"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" never feels like a movie, instead it's a shiny Disney product that's going to look good on their streaming service. A total eyesore.	October 20, 2019
Josh Wilding	rotten	ComicBookMovie.com	A grim and depressing sequel, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a completely unnecessary and disappointing effort which seemingly sets out to rob viewers of the usual enjoyment a Disney movie provides.	October 20, 2019
Oggs Cruz	rotten	Rappler	Like the appendix and the male areola, Joachim Ronning's Maleficent: The Mistress of Evil is an unnecessary creation.	October 20, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	You have to give them credit for taking on relevant themes...but in the context of a bright and sunny family-friendly Disney film, it never really has the chance to dig down as deep as its ideas require.	October 19, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	It absolutely has no right to be, but Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a solid Disney blockbuster and a massive improvement over its problematic predecessor.	October 19, 2019
Gary Wolcott	rotten	KXL-FM (Portland, OR)	The perfect example of why sequels ought not be made but the evil-eye dual of Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer is a ton of fun. Nothing else is.	October 19, 2019
Wendy Shreve	rotten	Featuring Film	Five years later, Norwegian director Joachim Rnning has managed to make what potentially could've been an imaginative idea even more of a debacle than the original.	October 19, 2019
Harris Dang	rotten	Impulse Gamer	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is an overstuffed yet malnourished piece of whimsy that fails to expand on the ideas and the unfulfilled potential of the original.	October 19, 2019
Sara Clements	fresh	Flick Feast	It's the star power and performances by its cast that result in the film being a satisfactory fantasy dish.	October 19, 2019
Todd Jorgenson	rotten	Cinemalogue	While naturally lacking the freshness of its predecessor, this installment seems to have been conceived more for financial than creative means.	October 19, 2019
Wenlei Ma	rotten	News.com.au	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil didn't lean on its greatest strength, instead almost downplaying that mischievous Jolie performance by giving her less to do, and then overblowing everything else.	October 19, 2019
Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	When it comes to the unnecessary sequel department, few major studios are able to wring out every last drop of a story or character more than Disney.	October 19, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Adelaide Review	...ultimately it's too dragged-out and uninspired, even by Hollywood's already sloppy sequel standards, and the potentially fabulous combination of Pfeiffer, Jolie and Fanning falls oddly flat too.	October 19, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	We get a classic buildup establishing heroes and villains; gorgeous, screen-popping visuals featuring beautiful and mysterious worlds; a bounty of colorful and magical creatures, and a lengthy, CGI-laden, climactic battle sequence...	October 19, 2019
John Nguyen	fresh	Nerd Reactor	Angelina Jolie as Maleficent is a joy to watch.	October 18, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Much bigger than a nitpick is the trouble that might give anyone with youngsters pause about an otherwise watchable film. That would be the odd violence that comes with the special effects territory in the Disney-produced sequel.	October 18, 2019
Peter Canavese	rotten	Groucho Reviews	Audiences can't be blamed for turning off their brains and focusing on the aesthetic trappings...in this film featuring a flying protagonist, nothing really lands.	October 18, 2019
Brian Viner	rotten	Daily Mail (UK)	I would be more circumspect about Maleficent: Mistress Of Evil, especially if you're taking children.	October 18, 2019
Julie Crawford	rotten	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	It's a nice change to have a Disney offering that isn't a frame-by-frame live action remake of an animated film but when you have a cast this committed, it behooves you to give them something to do.	October 18, 2019
Charlotte O'Sullivan	fresh	London Evening Standard	The bottom line is that Maleficent 2 takes a brilliant character and doesn't completely bugger things up.	October 18, 2019
Rene Sanchez	rotten	Cine Sin Fronteras	A forgettable and predictable sequel that leans heavily on Jolie and Pfeiffer's charisma to compensate for its lack of magic. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Melalin Mahavongtrakul	fresh	Bangkok Post	We managed to laugh and enjoy the film despite its muddled narratives.	October 18, 2019
Brandy McDonnell	fresh	The Oklahoman	Disney fans weary of copycat live-action remakes of beloved animated film can enter a visually stunning fantasy realm with Maleficent: Mistress of Evil.	October 18, 2019
Rendy Jones	rotten	Rendy Reviews	The film faces a major identity crisis where it doesn't set any appeal for its audience while cloaking itself to be something that it's not.	October 18, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	Michelle Pfeiffer channelling her contemptuous Catwoman from Batman Returns is proper good, though.	October 18, 2019
Brad Keefe	rotten	Columbus Alive	Ultimately, Maleficent is more a "Mistress of Wronged and Misunderstood." Not quite as catchy.	October 18, 2019
Brian Orndorf	rotten	Blu-ray.com	A numbing viewing experience that's mostly about creating noise and limp mythos to expand on a world that wasn't very interesting in the first place.	October 18, 2019
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	National Catholic Register	'Maleficent' at least felt like a fairy tale, if a recycled, darkly subversive one, with something to say. This sequel feels like a set of attitudes and themes in search of material to recycle.	October 18, 2019
Jon Negroni	rotten	The Young Folks	The main suffering of this film relates to an echo of The Lion King from earlier this year, and that is the lack of emotion or persuasive performance from hardly any actor involved.	October 18, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	rotten	eFilmCritic.com	The kind of vacuous, empty-headed spectacle that has absolutely nothing on its mind other than squeezing several hundred millions more out of a property that barely had enough material for a single story, let alone a follow-up.	October 18, 2019
Brian Lowry	fresh	CNN.com	As is so often the case, Maleficent didn't exactly cry out for another chapter, but if forced to do one with a sharp spindle pointed at your head (or finger), this is about as good as one could have hoped.	October 18, 2019
David Ocadiz	rotten	Cinergtica	This movie can be summarized in one word: CRINGE. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Dan Lybarger	rotten	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	There's nothing magical about substandard writing.	October 18, 2019
Matthew Lickona	rotten	San Diego Reader	And [Jolie] is a star here: something amazing to behold, an Old Hollywood glamour shot come to...well, not exactly come to life, but mobile, anyway.	October 18, 2019
Yago Garca	rotten	Cinemana (Spain)	This sequel arrives to collect its laurels without renovating its merits. [Full review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	[S]uperior to its predecessor... [but] there's a conversation we need to have about [how]... performers of color are constantly cast in sci-fi and fantasy films/TV as aliens & strange "otherly" creatures.	October 18, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	rotten	Chilango.com	A great cast, but with a story that leaves much to be desired. [Full review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Scott D. Pierce	rotten	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Outside of Maleficent herself, pretty much everyone struggles to get out of their two-dimensional holds, and the grandiose finale doesn't feel like the dramatic payoff it clearly wants to be.	October 18, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	This movie has a lot of problems, but keeps you distracted with stunning visuals and tons of story - in the end, what can I say? It gives good fairy tale.	October 18, 2019
Andr Hereford	rotten	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	Angelina Jolie's fantasy sequel aims for world-building action, but fares better as camp.	October 18, 2019
Johnny Gayzmonic	rotten	Fanboys of the Universe	Who is this for? Who was asking for this particular kind of story? It's a question the film never definitely answers.	October 18, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	rotten	En Filme	The story, however, lacks the depth of the original. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Dominic Corry	rotten	New Zealand Herald	Young ones will no doubt be swept away by the big-budget fairy tale basics on display here but most viewers will probably leave the theatre wondering why the film exists at all.	October 18, 2019
Robert Denerstein	rotten	Denerstein Unleashed	Part cartoon, part action movie, part romance, and part fairy tale, Maleficent doesn't quite stake out enough turf in any of those categories totally to succeed.	October 18, 2019
Teddy Durgin	rotten	Screen It!	I wasn't bored. But I wasn't enthralled either. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Scenes, etc. - also Available)	October 18, 2019
Jake Coyle	rotten	Associated Press	Sadly, such fun is not to be had in "Mistress of Evil," a needless sequel to the 2014 "Sleeping Beauty" riff that fails to fully value the entire of appeal of these films: Jolie's Maleficent.	October 18, 2019
Stephanie Zacharek	fresh	TIME Magazine	See it for the inventive, elaborate costumes (designed by Ellen Mirojnick), for the tiny-albeit slightly creepy-mushroom people and the miniature fairies wearing dandelion tutus, and for Jolie...	October 18, 2019
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Angelina Jolie has a bag of cinematic CGI treats just in time for Halloween in this sequel to her 2014 hit live action version of Sleeping Beauty. This ain't your mother's Disney princess movie.	October 18, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	rotten	Wall Street Journal	The big-horned heroine is played once again by Angelina Jolie in this dull sequel to the not-so-sparkling 2014 original.	October 18, 2019
Rob Vaux	rotten	Sci-Fi Movie Page	The role is Jolie's and if that's all you need, she delivers when she can. But be ready for a long wait between those moments, devoid of nothing but pretty pictures that melt at the slightest touch.	October 18, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	Never trying to be more than the kid-friendly spectacle it is, this is still a thoroughly enjoyable adventure, and unlike the first one I'm actually quite happy I gave it a look.	October 18, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	Michelle Pfeiffer also steps up to play a memorable villain. She is both cruel and scheming and finds ways to fuse old and new fairy tale elements. You have to appreciate her steely-eyed gaze and calm, soft, menacing tone.	October 18, 2019
Staci Layne Wilson	rotten	AtHomeInHollywood.com	An ultimately unnecessary sequel and seems too intense (for kids) to justify a PG rating.	October 18, 2019
Aramide Tinubu	rotten	Stylecaster	Though it's beautifully shot-like something right of a storybook- there's nothing truly enticing or mystifying about Maleficent: Mistress of Evil.	October 17, 2019
Deborah Ross	rotten	The Spectator	Spectacle is no substitute for storytelling and the storytelling is a leaden mess.	October 17, 2019
Scott Tobias	rotten	NPR	While it's a pleasure to see Pfeiffer lay into a regal villain, it's odd to see a Maleficent film with so little Maleficent, and all the giggly little sprites in the world can't make up for it.	October 17, 2019
John Byrne	fresh	RT (Ireland)	Okay, while I wouldn't be placing this sequel to 2014's Maleficent anywhere near my top five (or even ten) Disney offerings, it looks amazing and the story is a pretty straightforward and enjoyable tale with a topical twist.	October 17, 2019
Tom Russo	fresh	Boston Globe	What the story boils down to, then, is a mixed-marriage parable, one that could be panderingly "on trend," but which the filmmakers handle fairly thoughtfully.	October 17, 2019
Chandler Levack	rotten	Globe and Mail	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a misfire, despite its wonderful title, which feels plucked straight from an Elvira movie.	October 17, 2019
Luke Goodsell	rotten	ABC News (Australia)	Has anyone so gifted and visually arresting -- a goth queen dream -- been so ill-served by a pair of movies so aggressively dreary?	October 17, 2019
Mark Dujsik	rotten	Mark Reviews Movies	These are ideas and spectacles ... in search of an actual story.	October 17, 2019
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	Jolie, of course, is compelling, charismatic, underused and far too good for the material.	October 17, 2019
Paul Whitington	rotten	Irish Independent	The CGI's good, but there's way too much of it, so much in fact that every character save Ms. Jolie's gets drowned in special effects.	October 17, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	rotten	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" doesn't have anything new or interesting to say and feels like it exists only so Disney can wring every last dime out of its intellectual property.	October 17, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	Despite a predictable plot and underdeveloped supporting characters, this sequel may be admired by families with kids who enjoy Jolie's performance and the action adventure.	October 17, 2019
Dustin Chase	rotten	Texas Art & Film	Maleficent Mistress of Evil  proves itself another unnecessary sequel by abandoning the ideology and creativity that made the original quite surprising.	October 17, 2019
Caroline Siede	fresh	The Verge	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a much needed swing-for-the-fences dose of originality. It doesn't always hit it out of the park, but it's wickedly fun to watch it try.	October 17, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	This Maleficent is in many ways an even better film than the first.	October 17, 2019
Sandie Angulo Chen	fresh	Common Sense Media	Powerful queens go to war in intense, dark fantasy sequel.	October 17, 2019
Dana Barbuto	rotten	The Patriot Ledger	The best part of "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is watching Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer chew scenery with equal amounts of vamp and camp as feuding villainesses. Who glowers better?	October 17, 2019
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	Serviceable, but suffers from a curious lack of it's title character.	October 17, 2019
Peter Travers	rotten	Rolling Stone	In this melted, wannabe 'Frozen', Angelina Jolie and her cheekbones return to an inert franchise to glare at Michelle Pfeiffer.	October 17, 2019
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	A more adventurous version of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner? [Full review in Spanish]	October 17, 2019
Rebecca Murray	rotten	Showbiz Junkies	It's a shame the script isn't as sharp as [Angelina Jolie's] cheekbones and instead has taken an everything but the kitchen sink approach to storytelling.	October 17, 2019
Deirdre Crimmins	fresh	HighDef Digest	The creatures are a sight to behold, as are each of the kingdoms. The fighting is tense and exciting. All of that is nearly enough to craft Maleficent: Mistress of Evil into a wonderful fantasy film... but only nearly.	October 17, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	Less a movie than a two-hour explosion in a special-effects factory, [it's] a sequel even more unnecessary than most [that] exhausts rather than exhilarates.	October 17, 2019
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	Fans of the revisionist 'Maleficent' (2014) will be enchanted once again with wondrous sets, costumes, effects and a sensational lead performance.	October 17, 2019
Manohla Dargis	rotten	New York Times	Maleficent is back and so is Jolie, who, with her augmented cheekbones and perfectly calibrated hauteur, remains the only reason to bother with it. Much else has changed and not for the better, whatever this hash insists.	October 17, 2019
Sarah Marloff	rotten	Austin Chronicle	Yet, where the first managed to put an intricate new spin on an old tale, the sequel, despite its strong cast, can't help but feel a bit like a tired storyline being retold for a quick cash-in.	October 17, 2019
Jake Wilson	rotten	The Age (Australia)	Jolie seems utterly trapped by the narrow conception of the role, which requires her to speak in a clipped British accent and keep emotional display to a minimum. Sometimes her stiffness is played for laughs, sometimes she's just stiff.	October 17, 2019
Matt Zoller Seitz	rotten	RogerEbert.com	It all feels rushed-through and improperly considered, like a fairy tale told to a child by a grownup who's tired and bored and just wants to go to bed.	October 17, 2019
Oliver Jones	rotten	Observer	It's not just that Jolie's character is more captivating and engrossing than pretty much anything else in the movie, it's that her clothes are too.	October 17, 2019
Charles Koplinski	rotten	Illinois Times	An example of the most soul-sucking viewing that I'm forced to endure.	October 17, 2019
Diego Batlle	rotten	La Nacin (Argentina)	The problem with this sequel is that... it looks even less convincing than its predecessor. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 17, 2019
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	Really, the fun of this movie - aside from the glorious and very velvet-forward costumes, by Ellen Mirojnick - is the performances of the two Hollywood pros at its center, both perfectly cast.	October 17, 2019
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	Jolie is the big bird, the hot wings, the OG witchy woman that rises from the rubble of this hot-mess fairy-fray train wreck.	October 17, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	In terms of visuals, director Joachim Ronning does a swell job recreating the lush fantasy/Goth look of the first film with effects aplenty and grand flourishes of other-worldly architecture. Storywise it's feathery fluff.	October 17, 2019
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	there still is Jolie, who is wickedly entertaining and oh, so fun, to watch.	October 17, 2019
David Kaplan	rotten	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Overall, the movie is deadly dull, i.e., flat-out boring.	October 17, 2019
Peter Gray	rotten	This is Film	Heavy on visually-stunning imagery but light on the substance behind why such pictographs deserve to be seen, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil never really delves deeper beyond being aesthetically pleasing	October 17, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil can best be described as Disney's Game of Thrones. It's the infamous "Red Wedding", but with fairy tale characters. Angelina Jolie returns to theaters in a much darker and violent sequel.	October 17, 2019
Shana O'Neil	fresh	Hypable	The best way to watch Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is with no expectations. Enjoy the look of it. Relish the delicious evil. Get swept up in the emotion, don't think too hard, and you'll be fine.	October 16, 2019
Hope Madden	rotten	Columbus Underground	Stuffed to the antlers with sidetracks and subplots, characters and ideas, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil shows you everything and articulates nothing.	October 16, 2019
James Berardinelli	rotten	ReelViews	Mistress of Evil makes a conscious decision to address a subject that not many family films would touch with a ten-foot pole...then bungles the implications and the message.	October 16, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	Despite the drums of war beating louder, there is not a lot of momentum to the story.	October 16, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Strong performances from three strong women where they are NOT fighting over a man, but fighting over family and country. Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning and Michell Pfeiffer make this film worth screening again and again.	October 16, 2019
Elena Lazic	rotten	Little White Lies	References to real-world tragedy can be worthwhile... But here, these plot elements come across as random, misguided and sadly unimaginative.	October 16, 2019
Robert Kojder	rotten	Flickering Myth	Director Joachim Rnning and the plethora of screenwriters have settled for a generic tale of love uniting two kingdoms	October 16, 2019
Laura DeMarco	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	Director Joachim Ronning imbues the complex story with a fittingly frenetic pace and energy, and despite its fairy tale structure, Jolie and Pfeiffer endow their characters with believable human emotions and frailties.	October 16, 2019
Pamela Powell	rotten	Reel Honest Reviews	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a disappointing live-action sequel that lacks content, but more importantly, it is a distressing and disturbing film not intended for youngsters.	October 16, 2019
Avi Offer	rotten	NYC Movie Guru	An overproduced, shallow and often dull experience that fails to be funny, thrilling nor heartfelt despite its talented cast.	October 16, 2019
Perri Nemiroff	rotten	Collider Video	The battle between Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer is hugely entertaining, but Aurora's storyline is a snooze and the digital effects of the Moors is disastrous, especially compared to the film's winning practical effects.	October 16, 2019
Molly Freeman	rotten	ScreenRant	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil expands the world of Disney's retelling with high fantasy action, but suffers from a weak plot and thin characters.	October 16, 2019
Liam Lacey	rotten	Original Cin	The script hits the familiar notes - a beautiful princess, a handsome prince, meddling old folks, anthropomorphized creatures. But they're essentially here for another Marvel-style apocalypse.	October 16, 2019
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	Terrifyingly volatile, fiercely powerful yet emotionally fragile, there's never been a Disney character quite like Maleficent and [Angelina] Jolie imbues her creation with a melancholic grandeur.	October 16, 2019
David Sims	fresh	The Atlantic	It's not a film that quite rises to the level of "good," but it is transfixing-a dizzying hodgepodge of ideas powered by the welcome return of Jolie to the big screen.	October 16, 2019
Angelica Jade Bastin	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	A haphazard mess on nearly every level, only able to work in fits and starts.	October 16, 2019
Travis Hopson	rotten	Punch Drunk Critics	Somehow overstuffed and boring, the film is at least notable for the sheer tonnage of CGI woodland creatures crammed onto the screen at once.	October 16, 2019
MaryAnn Johanson	rotten	Flick Filosopher	An apparently unfairly maligned 'wicked witch' has to be redeemed again. Anyway, bitches be evil, crazy and traumatized, or sweet dumb personality-free near-morons. You know, for kids!	October 16, 2019
Adam Graham	rotten	Detroit News	Unfortunately, "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is the stuff of nightmares.	October 16, 2019
Jeanmarie Tan	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	It is always a treat seeing [Michelle] Pfeiffer breaking bad, and when she's going up against someone like [Angelina] Jolie, boy is it good.	October 16, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	The Angelina Jolie vs Michelle Pfeiffer face-off actually elevates this sequel over its predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]	October 16, 2019
Christie Cronan	rotten	Raising Whasians	A predictable sequel that underwhelms not only this movie, but the only original Disney live-action concept that I actually enjoyed. It's too bad that this film is also too violent for kids.	October 16, 2019
Sean Collier	rotten	Pittsburgh Magazine	Well this isn't any good.	October 16, 2019
Diedre Johnson	fresh	Black Girl Nerds	With its grandiose set design, bold swaths of color, magical special effects, and award-winning, international cast, the sequel Maleficent: Mistress of Evil tries to rectify the situation.	October 16, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	fresh	The Film Yap	Though a bit silly and ham-handed at times, it's more entertaining than the first one.	October 16, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	rotten	Daily Film Fix	"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is jumbled nonsense that palely reminds us of what barely made the first film work.	October 16, 2019
Mick LaSalle	rotten	San Francisco Chronicle	The saddest thing about "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is that it's not bad, but typical, that this emptiness - this immersion in mass numbification - is the modern style.	October 16, 2019
Katie Walsh	rotten	Tribune News Service	The messages that undergird "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" are important ones. If only they didn't come wrapped in this goofy, chaotic package.	October 16, 2019
Britany Murphy	fresh	Geeks of Color	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil kept me entertained and dare I say, I may have enjoyed it more than its predecessor.	October 16, 2019
Robert Daniels	fresh	812filmreviews	There's enough magic dust made of sass and a decent amount of political relevance for Maleficent: Mistress of Evil to fancy the imagination	October 16, 2019
Roger Moore	rotten	Movie Nation	Appalling	October 16, 2019
J. Don Birnam	fresh	Splash Report	Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer shine as they square off as evil queens in a visually effective but messy and convoluted sequel to the revisiting of the classic story	October 16, 2019
Dan Murrell	rotten	Screen Junkies	Angelina Jolie is great for what little she has to do in the movie. Michelle Pfeiffer has a lot to do, but not much of it is good.	October 16, 2019
Tony Medley	fresh	Tolucan Times	Highlighted by exquisite special effects and the deliciously evil performance of Pfeiffer, this fantasy seems dark and violent for young children but can delight adults	October 16, 2019
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	For older kids, and grown-ups who like their fantasy on a grand scale, this sometimes grim fairy tale is a deliciously dark ride.	October 15, 2019
Tom Beasley	rotten	Flickering Myth	The horns might be longer and more elaborate than ever before, but the ends are blunt.	October 15, 2019
Michael O'Sullivan	rotten	Washington Post	Think twice about taking very young children - or even some susceptible adults - to this at-times shocking, if less than graphic, gloom-and-doom fest. But the worse sin is: It's boring.	October 15, 2019
Kerry Lengel	fresh	Arizona Republic	The cuddly creatures and razzle-dazzle action are enough to make two hours disappear, but it's only Jolie's bat-winged charisma that will rattle on in your memory.	October 15, 2019
Richard Lawson	rotten	Vanity Fair	In its earnest evocation of so many horrors - and of so many hard-won triumphs against poisoned power structures - the movie does have a salient weight to it. I just don't know if this is the right vessel for all that heaviness.	October 15, 2019
Don Kaye	rotten	Den of Geek	As much as Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer squaring off holds appeal, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil falls solidly into the terrain of 'sequel that no one but accountants asked for.'	October 15, 2019
Tomris Laffly	fresh	Time Out	As the nemesis to Angelina Jolie's red-lipped siren, Pfeiffer gives us exactly what we want -- the same hissing Catwoman attitude she heated up for Mother!	October 15, 2019
Joe Lipsett	fresh	Anatomy of a Scream	Despite the five years between films, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a worthy sequel that should appease fans of the first film, particularly its core teen female demograph	October 15, 2019
Caryn James	fresh	BBC.com	Until then, though, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil swoops you along with ease. Like so many Disney films, it is a commercial calculation with a just a splash of magic.	October 15, 2019
Sarah Musnicky	rotten	Nightmarish Conjurings	"It is ultimately a better film than its predecessor, but is weighed down by too many plot points and not enough of Maleficent herself."	October 15, 2019
Johnny Oleksinski	rotten	New York Post	While the first film was, like "Wicked," an alternate view of a classic good-versus-evil tale, its sequel is a one-note, moralistic sledgehammer with no payoff.	October 15, 2019
Karen Han	fresh	Polygon	The film is still, however, leaps and bounds more imaginative than most other recent live-action Disney fare.	October 15, 2019
Fred Topel	rotten	Showbiz Cheat Sheet	Without the fairy tale of Sleeping Beauty, the plot becomes too convoluted and Angelina Jolie is not even in the movie for a very large chunk while all of this works itself out.	October 15, 2019
Scott Menzel	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Jolie captures the complexities of this character while also making her relatable and likable.	October 15, 2019
Pat Brown	rotten	Slant Magazine	In transforming folk metaphors into utilitarian attributes of an action hero, Disney exposes the emptiness of their product.	October 15, 2019
Princess Weekes	rotten	The Mary Sue	The big problem with this sequel is that it covers a lot of issues that the it's unable to commit to properly handling, both tonally and structure-wise.	October 15, 2019
Cynthia Vinney	fresh	CBR	Unfortunately, given Disney's recent spate of live-action remakes and unnecessary sequels, it's difficult not to view Mistress of Evil's existence through a cynical lens. That doesn't mean the movie isn't diverting - in fact, it's perfectly watchable.	October 15, 2019
Courtney Howard	rotten	Fresh Fiction	It delivers a dull story that hinges on two women fighting and, worse, it fails to individually give very capable actresses anything resembling Memorable Movie Moments.	October 15, 2019
Jo Berry	fresh	The List	An entire movie of Pfeiffer and Jolie throwing special effects and shade at each other would have made this the most fun fantasy flick of the year.	October 15, 2019
Rosie Knight	fresh	IGN Movies	Impressive visuals and a very watchable cast make this a fun popcorn fantasy flick that's at its best when it leans into its genre roots and aims to create a truly fantastical fairytale world.	October 15, 2019
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	there's always something great to look at, and the smaller woodland creatures are distractingly funny and super cute	October 15, 2019
Amy West	fresh	SciFiNow	How it alters certain aspects of the cartoon won't go down well with diehard Disney fans, but there's something to be said for its boldness and if regarded as a standalone piece, it's much like its protagonist... more good than bad.	October 15, 2019
James Mottram	fresh	South China Morning Post	Ronning does his best to distract from a simple-minded script by littering the frame with computer-generated critters. It's like a visit to a riotous flower show on a particularly sunny day.	October 15, 2019
Sharronda Williams	fresh	Pay Or Wait	Maleficent Mistress of Evil is a solid sequel & a great story for children & adults about intolerance & acceptance. Angelina Jolie is enchanting & Michelle Pfeiffer is bad to the bone as one of the best Disney villains I have seen in quite some time.	October 15, 2019
Kristen Lopez	fresh	Culturess	Mistress of Evil certainly rests comfortably on leading lady Angelina Jolie, but the script takes several gambles in its storytelling to create a rich and lush backstory for Jolie that ends up saving the rest of its fairy-tale narrative.	October 15, 2019
Bob Chipman	fresh	Escapist Magazine	A wickedly-subversive dark fairytale with a high fantasy aesthetic dominated (occasionally in the most suggestive sense possible) by Jolie; flashing a blinding vampire smile of ivory fangs and blood-red lips as the ultimate 21st Century Goth Goddess.	October 15, 2019
Amanda Keats	fresh	HeyUGuys	Visually spectacular fun with a lot of magic but a bit too dark for some little ones	October 15, 2019
Deirdre Molumby	rotten	entertainment.ie	Fans will enjoy returning to the characters but the film just doesn't feel necessary.	October 15, 2019
Monica Castillo	fresh	TheWrap	There are interesting bits within the film that are by themselves entertaining but don't always seem to fit together.	October 15, 2019
Matthew Aguilar	fresh	ComicBook.com	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a delightful tale of humor, heart, and that trademark Disney magic, and you won't regret returning to this world once more.	October 15, 2019
William Bibbiani	rotten	Bloody Disgusting	A ridiculously written, emotionally insincere motion picture, and although Angelina Jolie is as excellent as ever, the film has no idea what to do with her.	October 15, 2019
Donald Clarke	rotten	Irish Times	[The] messages are packaged in baffling fantasy baloney that fails to achieve the discipline of your average Care Bear movie.	October 15, 2019
Tania Lamb	fresh	Lola Lambchops	When Angelina Jolie gives you the look that only she can, you get those Maleficent chills. Perhaps too violent for small children, I appreciate a different take on a classic tale, especially with all these remakes.	October 15, 2019
Rachel Wagner	rotten	rachelsreviews.net	It's a real bummer because if they had kept the strange tone of the early scenes I could have had a surprise hit.	October 15, 2019
Doug Jamieson	rotten	The Jam Report	While there's plenty of visual mastery at play here, it's simply not enough to warrant this rather tiresome sequel.	October 15, 2019
Hoai-Tran Bui	rotten	Slashfilm	This lofty sequel sacrifices all the storybook whimsy in favor of political intrigue and dark plots that are far too complicated to be wrapped up by a typical Disney happy ending, and end up landing with a thud.	October 15, 2019
Clarisse Loughrey	rotten	Independent (UK)	Maleficent may have offered a sharp, original take on a well-worn story, but its sequel just feels like more fantasy fluff.	October 15, 2019
Kirsten Acuna	fresh	Insider	"It's the hostility and brewing war between Jolie and Pfeiffer's characters and their masterful performances that make the sequel worth a watch."	October 15, 2019
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	It's better than the first, features strong performances and goes unexpectedly wild in the third act, suggesting the unholy offspring of a union between 'Gargoyles,' 'Avatar' and 'Aquaman.' (Yes, that's a compliment)	October 15, 2019
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	Jolie's magnetism, plus the way she toes the line between being a fairy version of Batman and a menacing mistress of not-quite-evil-but-pretty-close, is why these "Maleficent" movies work.	October 15, 2019
Tim Robey	rotten	Daily Telegraph (UK)	Rnning, who served his Hollywood apprenticeship on the fifth Pirates of the Caribbean film, seems to be enslaving himself to franchises which dictate the most anonymous job possible.	October 15, 2019
Jesse Hassenger	rotten	AV Club	Some movies twist; the Maleficent series politely flips on a signal before any turns.	October 15, 2019
Justin Chang	fresh	Los Angeles Times	It's hard not to appreciate the sheer derangement of the plot that Ingrith has concocted, which is so cruel and so elaborate... as to make even the original Maleficent's machinations in "Sleeping Beauty" look tame by comparison.	October 15, 2019
Leah Greenblatt	rotten	Entertainment Weekly	It mostly registers as a series of elaborate fauna-drenched screensavers stretched to fit across two hours of vague Disney myth.	October 15, 2019
Peter Bradshaw	rotten	Guardian	This Maleficent is disappointing, although Jolie certainly sells it hard, as does Fanning, who takes it as seriously as anything else in her career.	October 15, 2019
Eric Kohn	rotten	indieWire	Embrace the imagery and "Mistress of Evil" almost works on its own terms, but anyone grasping for the bigger picture will find that it often evaporates under scrutiny.	October 15, 2019
Brent Hankins	rotten	The Lamplight Review	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil may have the dubious honor of becoming the Disney film with the highest body count, but that's about the only distinction worth bestowing upon it.	October 15, 2019
Todd McCarthy	rotten	Hollywood Reporter	A sequel that feels programmed to within an inch of its life.	October 15, 2019
Peter Debruge	rotten	Variety	The true Disney villains in this case are off screen, sabotaging the studio's canon from within.	October 15, 2019
Eric Eisenberg	rotten	CinemaBlend	Once again there are some interesting concepts floated - like a magical mother vs. mother showdown, and a manipulated war between faeries and humans - but none of the material sticks together.	October 15, 2019
Matt Maytum	rotten	Total Film	An uninspired and unnecessary sequel that won't leave you spellbound. There's neither enough Maleficent or genuine magic to make it worth a revisit.	October 15, 2019
Helen O'Hara	fresh	Empire Magazine	An improvement on the first film, in the end, and an encouraging rallying cry against fear and intolerance, but it's still far too busy and baroque to match its leading lady's elegance.	October 15, 2019
Ian Sandwell	fresh	Digital Spy	Has it been worth the wait? Well, kind of. Freed from the need to redo Sleeping Beauty, it's a superior sequel and often fun, but still not without its flaws.	October 15, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a visually stunning, but also very dark and violent. While it is a heartwarming mother/daughter tale, be cautious when taking young kids.	October 15, 2019
